dialog 0:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
Anything more?
What degree programs are of interest to you?
Another more focused class is EECS 547, which explores the topic of Electronic Commerce
EECS492 is recommended.
According to your preference, I would suggest you to take EECS370.
I would recommend 492, Artificial Intelligence. I did grading for that class and the NLP we did every semester was really interesting.
Yes. They are EECS 370 and EECS 376.
That's great.
You probably want to combine 370 with 281 next semester.
Does that sound interesting to you?
My pleasure! Bye
EECS442 or EECS482 would be great for you, theyre not too hard and theyre what your looking for.
Are comparable to EECS445, EECS477 and EECS492.
How come they don't offer it at another time beside 1-3pm?
It's a fun class that's different from the other, more boring classes such as 485 and 482. I think you would like a course that deals with video games and other fun things.
With good time management skills I think you can do this
Ok, there are two EECS courses that may be good for you next semester, they are EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts and EECS 280 Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
Adios Varsha!
Is that okay?
Yes! Your file says that you have a fair bit of experience in hardware type classes.
EECS 281 was rated 2.51, on a scale of 1-5, for easiness.
Alright, is that everything?
Is gaming of interest to you?
Would you like to know anything else?
Correct, exactly like EECS281.
The morning sessions are EECS 280 and EECS 203 while the evening session is EECS 183.
Based on your preferred class size, I think EECS 183 would be a good choice.
EECS 496 is the ethics class you speak of
Holly Christine Sipek is pretty helpful and clear in teaching EECS 280.
No problem young man, I'm always happy to help!
I see. How about taking an algorithm course
The helpful rating is 3.68.
If you are looking for an online course, I recommend eecs492 and eecs286.
I would advise you not to take all of them at the same time, if you don't want a giant workload.
The course is diffult even though it has no lab or discussion session.
Generally, many people take both a semester
Some classes you can sign up for next semester that are available are EECS 280 and 203.
That is a popular combination with other students.
Does finance interest you more than EECS?
Did you enjoy the undergraduate research you undertook? If so, you might enjoy taking research courses.
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.
No, the course is pretty easy.
Are there any more questions?
It seats 58 students this semester.
Those are a lot of requirements and you are already a senior
Based on your interests, I have 3 classes in mind
Hi there! Can I help you with something now?
Lower level courses have to be completed before taking upper level courses.
Maybe you could take some econ minor requirements at the same time.
I would suggest, given that you want a small class, that you take EECS557 because it has a class size of 13.8.
Yes, EECS281 is correct.
Another option is to take EECS 484 Database Management Systems and EECS 482 Introduction to Operating Systems.
How is your homework going for the week?
I see, are you interested in Computer Networks?
Do you like web or software development?
For any other questions, please free to ask here.
Are you more interested in OS or web development?
281 is programming heavy. 376 is more theoretical based. It will be a good mix.
Would web design and database interest you?
Do you have any preference for the class?
No problems.
How do you like spending your time?
As there are about 80 to 90 people so both are large classes.
How many upper level cs credits are needed in order for you to graduate?
What more can I help you with today?
There are no problems!
Both EECS484 and EECS485 are recommended.
You are planning on taking how many classes next semester?
I suggest taking a less intensive class with 482, because 482 is a lot of work.
Most students do them in pairs; 281 and 370, or 376 and 370.
Go ahead and check back with us if you have any further questions.
Yes, EECS485 is a large class.
Go straight.
I see you've taken three upper electives. You only need to take one more.
I'm pleased to hear this.
40 is the size of the class with 4 credits.
You should consider Stats 415 and 470 they are light workload and easy classes which you could take if you enjoy statistics.
If you need classes that are requirements for graduation, I think you should take EECS 370
That sounds great. It seems as if you have previously taken a handful of hard classes.
Does programming interest you?
What is your year?
Take 583 if you to know compiler.
Course EECS479 willl be very helpful to your career after graduation since you took many hardware and physics courses already.
The course page is where the syllabus can be found.
Hi. How are you?
Out of all the four classes EECS 376 is the hardest class you can take
Your background makes it a good fit.
Coursework is rated 1/5 and conceptual difficulty is listed as hard, according to student feedback.
There is a moderate workload for these classes.
Are you the student named Kaushik?
In the EECS department, what has been your most rewarding class so far?
Does this work?
Yes, of course.
that you learned in ENGR 101 that retained the concepts
I suggest "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" and "Discrete Math"
It is moderately difficult
281 is the pre-requisite for both classes.
There are possibly not any classes that you can currently take that relate to linguistics. After you take EECS 280 and EECS 203, and in later semesters EECS 281, there may be such opportunities.
Before you graduate, you need to take EECS 376 and EECS 370.
What topic fits you the best?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 1:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
The instructor is pretty easy to understand, he has a clarity rating of: 3.77
Another good option is EECS 492.
You are welcome talk to you later.
That's awesome. Have a great semester!
Chances are you will do well.
Since you have most of your intellectual breadth dealth with, you should look into 1 or 2 of those technical electives, such as NA 260.
OK. Let's take a look at your audit report.
Which specific degree do you want? You have a lot of different courses in your record.
I encourage!
What would you like?
Can I help you with anything today?
I would be careful with maybe biting off more than you can chew, especially if you are planning on doing 30 hours of research every week.
Fresher would benefit from taking 183 first.
I highly recommend class 203.
Awesome! No preoblem, have a great day Tanvir!
Can I help you?
EECS 482 would be my recommendation for you to take.
Yo! What is going on?
EECS 445 is a very math-heavy class.
But you could take 376 next semester, which is another required course that shouldn't be too difficult to take together with 478
The things you need to do for that major can be found at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf
So, you do have some required classes that you can knock out like EECS 376 or EECS 370. As far as upper levels go, you are free to take almost any upper level you want. Some upper level electives you may be interested are EECS 485 - web development
Hey, how may I help you today?
What workload do you have in mind as far as being able to complete?
It a small class size of about 50 students.
Is is true that you want to do another EECS course?
Sign up for EECS 281
I think you should choose EECS477, since that is what field you are interested in.
Hi, how are you doing?
The course is helpful, but not easy.
You might find some of the material in 370 and 376 to be difficult, so I advise you make use of our office hours a lot
I recommend EECS 183 to student like you.
Would you like to continue pursuing Computer Science?
I think you should also take EECS482
Is there anything else I can do?
A great start point is EECS203 discrete math
You're already taken some manageable moderate courses, after all
no problem, have a nice day
Sounds good. Bye!
ok, sounds great. have a great day!
What about EECS484?
Take the class if you are willing to ignore that.
I think a junior like you should take EECS 281.
Because or your captivation with operating systems I think you'll like EECS 482
Well, seems like you have never taken any CS related courses before, are you
Now you have to address the core requirements: EECS 281, EECS 370, and EECS 376.
I'm happy to help! Is there anything else I can help you with?
For your position, I would suggest ECS281 and EECS376
Give me some time to consider...
For your class style, do you prefer a theory or an application?
There are not any other computer hardware courses being offered next semester.
What interests you?
I am unsure because the difficulty rating for number four hundred eighty-three is not currently available.
EECS 280 is a lot like ENGR 101. You'll be continuing to develop on things that you learned in that class. This class' clarity and helpfulness ratings are high, which is awesome!
Can you inform me of your preferences?
I would prefer taking both 203 and 280 then.
Did you like it?
The teacher for EECS 481 next semester will be David R Chesney.
Any other questions?
How's everything going?
Did you give a try in Programming and Data structure?
Okay let me know if there is anything else you require of me.
ok, do you have any other questions?
Because of your interests, I would prefer taking EECS 482 and EECS 492, but not in the same semester
Should be in a good spot.
EECS 203 must be completed before you can do EECS 281.
Sounds good. Can you tell me your interested topics?
XXX has to be taken before.
Have a good day!
I'm interesting in work
EECS 203 (Discrete Math) should be taken by you next.
What questions do you have for me?
I will check this for you if you give me a few seconds.
Both EECS 280 and EECS 203 are medium to hard in difficulty, so I'd recommend you take one of those.
elaborate
Hello! How can I be helpful to you today?
Good, what help  can i do for you?
If you like AI I would suggest 429 Introduction to AI with Professor Durfee.
It is safe to say that you are occupied with taking math classes?
do you need some help to register for classes next semester
EECS 281 is something I'd recommend to you as a junior.
After you will be able to take high level CS classes.
Let me know if there's anything else I can help you with.
That shouldn't be an issue.
Do you have anything else you'd like to know?
Now that you have completed EECS280 I think that it's time that you take EECS 281 for your next course.
EECS is only a level 200 course.
The easiness rating for this class is 3.67.
You can expect to receive four credit hours for every one of the three classes you take.
I think EECS 485 is good for you.
If you are good at computer science, EECS 482 is what I would suggest.
What time is best for you?
What is your preferred class size?
Do you have all the upper level cs credits you need to graduate?
This is one of the easiest intro level classes you can take.
How huge do you want the class to be?
You could do EECS 493
What can I help you with Max?
The class size of 45.4 for EECS 376 is small.
If you want to take an additional EECS class as well as 281 you shouldn't take 376 because it's project-based and unlike 370 and 281.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Can you inform me of your preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 2:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
Based on your preference for workload,
To catch up you could take some summer classes.
Fresher would benefit from taking 183 first.
EECS484 and EECS 485 are recommended by myself.
Take that one based on your information
Alright, have a good day.
You are able to sign up for this class because you are a senior.
You are required to take EEDS203 before any upper lever courses.
Be comfortable with class sizes of up to 150 students.
Choosing the easiest course available isn't the wisest decision.
It's about discrete math.
you can take 495 if you like web.
I would recommend taking EECS376 as it is a required course, however it is not a prerequisite for any other courses. I would also recommend to take an upper-level CS course. Here are some options: EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS482 Introduction to Operating Systems, EECS484 Database Management Systems, EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development, EECS442 Computer Vision, or EECS441 Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs
Tell me your major one more time
It has to do with elementary programming concepts.
Yeah, no problem!
Are you interested in EECE 373?
Can I know your preferences?
A good fit is hopeful.
What were your thoughts about ENGR 101?
I would take it if I was you.
In my opinion, you can do well.
Are there any other computer science classes that you've taken in the past?
Given what I/we know about you, I suggest EECS 441.
Enjoy the rest of the day!
Let me check
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.
between eecs280 andn eecs203, which one would you like to register for?
The class is taught from 1:30 to 3:00 PM on Monday and Wednesday.
Robot movement and dynamics.
I will probably take introduction to cryptography, which won't be easy but isn't like any other class you've taken
I would take EECS492 Introduction to Machine learning if you like AI.
Eecs493 is a good class if you are interested in front-end developement and need upper level CS credits.
I'd recommend EECS 203 as course for your Sophomore year.
Hi pupil.
Do you have any more considerations?
Due to your preferences EECS 376 is what you should take.
Good, good luck for your study
Are you doing well today?
Good bye and you are entirely welcome.
There are a lot of paid research opportunities that you should look into. If you enjoyed 370, you may like AI research and machine learning. You should contact Jenna Weins.
Do you like bigger classes?
You have to finish the prerequisites before taking any upper-level courses.
If you have taken Calculus before, I would recommend taking EECS203.
Are you more interested in lower or higher level programming?
Given your background, you should be fine handling these courses
Taking into account your past courses, this class seems easier.
Are you interested in any specific topic?
In order to build up your program writing ability, take EECS 183 first.
There are two other options to consider, computer software and hardware.
Unfortunately, I am only able to provide EECS course guidance
How do you feel about small class sizes?
If you do not know programming, the course will be more work for you, but it will still teach you from the beginning.
Would you like to discuss anything else?
Th workloads of 280 and 370 are comparable, and both doable.
The class size is larger, as it is a required class.
EECS 376 will not be a challenge for you, as you did not find EECS 203 to be difficult.
Hello. What can I do for you?
It is a normal course for the field of computer science
So I would suggest you to only take these two courses plus a very light-loaded course.
At this moment, is there any way that I can be of service to you?
First let me ask you a couple of questions.
I think you would like EECS 373, Design of Microprocessor Based Systems, and EECS 470, Computer Architecture
Are you looking for additional course recommendations at this time?
Were EECS280 and EECS203 difficult to get through?
Then I would recommend taking EECS280.
One suggestion is taking Discrete Math.
Most students like the front-end as they seem to enjoy it more. Students more prone to back-end systems like "vim" for their text editing.
In my opinion, if you like AI go for EECS492, Introduction to Machine Learning.
All of the other general engineering requirements are met by you.
Both 376 (Foundations of Computer Science) and 281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) are important for a CS degree.
Hi there!
You have the option of taking EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms next term/
The ULCS requirements are not satisfied by EECS 545, so you should not.
Eecs 281 is also required and you are not allowed to take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
As a result, concepts and methods for the design, creation, query and management of large enterprise databases are introduced.
It is a great course, but it need stronger mathematical foundation and programming skill.
Do most students think 370 is doable or really time consuming?
It looks like since you are a freshman and new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for classes beyond EECS 281.
You are on the right track. Make sure to keep in mind the other degree requirements that you need.
There are no other computer hardware courses being held for the coming semester
280 is rated 2.59/5 in easiness while 203 is rated 2.03/5.
Your background leads me to recommend EECS 281: Data structures and Algorithms.
Hardware and software will be covered in the course
Hello, what did you need help with today?
You too! Bye.
EECS445 Introduction to Machine Learning is actually even more closely related to natural language processing
Of the two, do you prefer Math or Coding?
EECS 485 Involves web technology therefore I sugess you take it.
You need to know that if you want those areas
Take if for sure!
What are you most interested in?
How can I assist you?
Cutting edge EECS topics are what it is all about.
eecs183, eecs280, eecs203, stats250 will have to be copied to declare computer science major.
How about beginning with something more fundamental because it's been some time since you were writing code in Engineering 101.
My pleasure!
It was a great pleasure helping you.
You're in your sophomore year, right?
Is that it?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 3:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
This course is taught be Mark W B Brehob
OK, same to you!
370 and 376 have a moderate amount of work.
What other questions do you have?
Hello Shobhit.
EECS 591 (Distributed Systems) may also be an appropriate prospect for you.
EECS 281 is a more difficult compared to EECS 376. However, the professor for EECS 281 is very supportive and helpful.
Classes that deal with Software Infrastructure Applications would make sense to take next like EECS 376 or 281.
What is your current year of study?
You are welcome!
EECS 491 has classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays
I should prerequisite Eecs 280 for most computer classes, including game design.
EECS 381 is a 4 credit class with a difficulty rating of 1.57. It focuses on C/C++ object oriented programming. It is a ton of work but people really find that have gained a reward from taking it.
If you are concerned about balancing your schedule, 493 has a lighter workload.
Does this interest you?
you are not welcome :(
Or 564, Estimation, Filtering, and Detection
Yes, the Professor for EECS 280 (David R. Chesney) has a clarity rating of 3.96. So I would assume he is also helpful. However, EECS 203 is taught by Clayton D. Scott and has a clarity rating of 2.96.
I see on your transcript that you've taken EECS484.
No problem! Can I answer any other questions?
EECS 493 is a low-medium workload, while EECS 485 is medium-high
I suggest you take EECS 281 as you prefer morning classes.
The easiness rating of the course is a 3.
Taking that into consideration, I strongly recommend EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization
are you majoring in either Computer Science or Electrical Engineering?
484 will show you more about databases, so it appears you are more intrigued by that.
Are upper level or core classes needed?
If a student does not have programming experience it is designed for them.
Great! I would suggest taking EECS 370 as this is the introductory course for computer hardware and EECS 485 which is the web development course.
As it provides a good foundation for Data Structure, I would suggest taking EECS 280.
EECS484 is fairly easy, but EECS 485 will be easier.
You can take algorithms course eecs281.
What are you curious about for Technical Electives?
You can go ahead and take all three  if you think you can handle the workload.
My advice is eecs 281 data structures in algorythm.
The hardware makes 370 interesting to most students.
Did you learn about machine learning before?
Class EEC557 has a class size of 13.8 and is a great choice given that you want a small class.
Is there anything else?
You should take EECS281 next semester.
See you later, CHRISTIAN KAVOUR.
441 is also an easy course.
do you expect to take many courses
Helping you has made my day.
One moment while i check for you.
They are not scheduled yet as well.
Because the professor is really helpful he has a rating of +4 for helpfulness.
1 more upper-level and your MDE As far requirements,as CS
You are welcome, have a nice day
Does EECS interest you?
It's about how programs are run by computers and about the organization of a computer from a very low-level view.
eecs 203 is a prerequisite for eecs 281
Linear algebra will be invaluable for ULCS courses
The most understandable class is 370.
Each of these three courses has a moderate workload, so it might be difficult to take them all at once.
EECS 280 would be my suggestion if you would like to improve your programming skills.
I suggest you take EECS281 data structures and algorithms based on your background.
I'm happy to help.
EECS 470 will be fairly difficult given your prior classes.
What did you major in
Based on the absence of any classes on algorithm previously, EECS 281 is a good choice to get you started.
The class size of EECS381 is 41.33 and it has a moderately helpful professor.
You are right. The two courses are EECS 370 and EECS 376.
EECS370 is Course Overview This course is intended to give you a basic understanding of how computers execute programs.
Anything else to ask?
Since you have a very good background in computer science, can I interest you in learning about threading?
It gladdens me that I was a help to you.
Let me know if you have any other questions.
It seems like you haven't taken EECS 281 yet. You might want to take this since a lot of upper level CS classes require it.
Great!
No problem.  Hope you do well in your classes!
Take EECS 493 if you want an easy web course
Because it's a required classes, there's usually a few sections of 370.
You're welcome.
Classes 4, 281, 370 and 376
EECS 370 is probably the best choice, as the easiness rating is 3.24 and the class size is 92.
What can I do for you, good morning.
If you don't have any programming experience, EECS 183 may be more a challenge.
I think taking both is fine because 376 is at the midpoint of difficulty and 492 is just a tad harder than average.
Have a good one
You are welcome have a wonderful day!
10:30am-12:00pm is the time this class is held.
Okay, is that it?
I see from your records you have taken both EECS281 and EECS370.
Based on your past classes, I recommend Electronic Commerce because it is both easy and interesting.
Why did you take ANTHRARC285 which is different then your regular course work?
Your the one that's awesome not me!
That works for me. I'm going to head off to my next engagement.
Okay, I would research those courses and see what interests you the most if I were you, is there anything else you need?
Do you think both would be too much in one semester?
The name of the instructor is Seth Pettie.
Can I learn AI from the EECS 492 course?
Hey! How can I be of help?
No problem, have a great day.
Next semester for a most junior student I think EECS 373 is a most popular choice out of those two courses! Sounds good.
How can I help you?
Would you rather have earlier or later classes?
Can I help with anything else?
If you really want lighter loading, EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science would be choice.
That is correct, 280 is a morning class.

C. options-for-correct-answers
I should prerequisite Eecs 280 for most computer classes, including game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 4:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
Howdy
EECS280 is about Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
They're all pretty challenging but 370 is probably the easiest of that group.
At least two semesters is needed, however you can do the minor if you aren't able to fit in another semester.
Meeting you, it was nice too.
No, the course is pretty easy.
EECS 485 is Web Databases and covers a lot of web technologies.  EECS 484 is Database Management Systems and explores concepts and methods regarding large enterprise databases.
I made a mistake and I'm sorry.
Does Programming and Introductory Data Structures or Elementary Programming Concepts seem better?
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.
You are most welcome.
It is mandatory for higher level courses.
There's not a lab
Hi student! Welcome to EECS advising. How can I help you today?
Okay, what kind of courses are you interested in?
Best of luck for your study.
If you take  EECS 485 is it a upper level CS course but will count as a flexible technical elective as well.
Yes you can view EECS 280.
Unless you have extra time in your schedule, I would recommend sticking to 484. If you need another class, you may consider taking EECS 381.
AI is a very important component when it comes to machine learning.
propositional and predicate logic, set theory, function and relations, growth of functions and asymptotic notation, introduction to algorithms, elementary combinatorics and graph theory, and discrete probability theory are the topics taught in intro to math foundations of comp sci.
Microprocessor Based Systems Design
I'm sorry, but I do hope you do well next semester.
Very well! EECS 485 is a great course. You should consider enrolling in that the semester after you take EECS 281.
Hi Zach.
Is there a way I can be of help to you?
If EECS 281 is wanted by you for next semester, you need them both.
I hope your day is nice.
You cannot take any more Computer Science Classes until you take it initially.
Do you feel the introductory data structure course useful?
When I took that course, Professor Lee was an excellent teacher.
Hello, Stefan.
EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms should be the class you take next semester since you have completed Introduction to Data Structures.
are you currently majoring in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering?
I would like a bit of time to think.
Are you interested in a Computer Science Major?
Workload survey might help there. Let me check it.
Don't mention it, have a good one
Of the many project based coursed I would recommend EECS 381 or EECS 482 they are very informative.
Ok, great! Have a good day.
I'd suggest taking EECS 280 or EECS 203.  Both of them are med to hard
Which difficulty level would you prefer ?
For your backup you have EECS 494 or 493. Which do you prefer?
What are you interested in?
Hello. With what can I help you? I serve as your advisor.
Are there other class preferences available?
Do you think Design of Microprocesor Based Systems seems interesting?
If I don't see you, best of luck next semester!
Is this class sounding interesting?
For next semester, do you want to have MDE?
Howdy! How can I help you today?
You will need to take EECS 281 before you consider taking any upper level EECS electives.
It seems you will need to take some upper level CS classes to graduate.
what info are you using to make your choices?
can you explain what MDE courses are cause I'm a new faculty to this department
478 which logic synthesis is a course you could take if you like those.
Absolutely
The ideas you have are good ones
I can see you don't take an ML course.
Do you have other question?
What year of study are you in?
Weilun, hello.
So you are mainly interested in hardware?
What type of advising would you like today?
May I help you with something?
Is a basic techniques and algorithms class required for my degree?
Is there something you need help with?
What would you like help with?
The typical class measure is around 81
Yes, the school doesn't differentiate by class standing, so juniors can take any class. If you register early getting into that class will be trivial.
heavy workload in this course
In EECS courses, how many have you taken so far?
How can I be helpful to you?
Would Machine Learning, class EECS 545, interest you?
Okay, great! I will help. What was your question?
When thinking about ECCS classes, which ones are you considering?
EECS 183 is heavier than EECS 280 though.1
Hello!
I think Jia Deng and Johnson-Roberson are next, respectively.
EECS477: Intro to Algorithms is another course you can take.
Do you have all the courses in mind or do you need more recommendations?
EECS 477 isn't offered next semester, I think.
I would suggest 281 Data structures and algorithm.
Why have you arrived today?
There are many courses you can take next
Do you want to take EECS 484 on Monday and Wednesday from 9:00 am to 10:30 am?
The course is an introduction to data structures and algorithms.
Did you like the size of the class?
if you feel like you have a strong Math or Statistics background, then you could
Would you like to take computer science classes?
Hi Courtney!
Are you making it okay?
I recommend you take EECS 370 based on your preferences.
Are you interested in computer science classes?
You are welcome!
As far as engineering classes for a CS major, these are the only two.
I be thinking it is at least as hard as physics 240 which you were in last semester.
and Thank you
Absolutely how can I meet your requirements?
It could prove difficult to take either 376 or 370 with 281, however it really depends and what you want as a workload.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 5:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
EECS 280 is a morning class with a size of 167.4.
Each is a large class.
EECS376 does not count to be most popular course, so it's understandable if you didn't like it.
There are pre-reqs you need to complete first.
In terms of workload level, EECS 376 is on lighter side, EECS 281 is at moderate level, and EECS 370 would be the heaviest. But, none of them are too extreme in terms of workload.
The selected course, EECS 493 is User Interface Development.
The workload survey needs checking!
Do you think EECS183 or EECS280 more preferable?
No problem goodbye!
The class is named User Interface Development
Would you mind having a heavy workload next semester?
Based on your interests, you'll enjoy EECS 388 with EECS 485
I would suggest Computer Organization as another easy course.
Having already taken 281, why would you need a transfer credit?
Sure. What kind of classes are you interested in?
Good! Do you have more requests?
Definitely! Which major have you considered?
I'd highly recommend pursuing computer vision instead of VLSI, since there are a lot more opportunities to build automated learning systems.
This class has nearly 100 students and is offered in the afternoon.
Have you thought about taking computer science courses?
I think you would benefit from taking EECS 376 and EECS 281.
EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms would fit best considering your a EECS student.
Hello, is there some way I can help you now?
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
Would you consider database to be among your interests?
Your welcome!
It's like an advanced version of EECS 203.
Does that sound prime to you?
Hi how are you doing?
I will see you later.
How can I help you?
Your EECS core computer science classes have already been completed.
the rate is 4.13/5 for helpfullness
Is EECS281 a difficult class?
Hello, how can I help you?
A class size of 45.4, EECS 376 is quite small.
No problem!
Yes, you an also try EECS492 which is introduction to Artificial intelligence.
I will drop by later.
That's cool. You may take EECS 485 and I will see the workload see if you can handle it.
Excellent.
What major are you? CE or CS?
I recommend that you take that, based on your class sized preference.
Good Afternoon, what can I help you with?
It's really not a big one compared to other EECS class.
Howdy! How can I assist you today?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
Good afternoon!
Past surveys indicate that this class is average in terms of easiness, so you should be okay.
Though I don't have any idea on the course start and end time yet, there are two core classes you can take next semester: EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms, and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
Does theory based class interests you more or a project based one?
As a prerequisite to majoring in computer science, you will need to take EECS370.
Have you considered taking EECS 281?
What do you need to know?
Building new tech to help students who may not be fully able, such as building a smart wheelchair for someone who can't walk.
How could I serve you today?
Do you have any questions for me?
The Intro to Computer Organization course is EECS 370.
eecs 485 helps you understand how the web works and eecs 484 helps you understand how databases work and what happens in memory. Both are helpful when taken together. However, project deadlines may line up which can be difficult for those who struggle with time management. Overall, students use what they have learned in these classes for other classes
Since 376 is light, so it's good to select a heavier one.
It is a core course.
prof always looking in upper levels
Yes! This schedule is excellent.
If your interested we have an AI class. It is called EECS 492
To complete requirements and based on your interest I would advise taking Machine Learning.
Holly Christine Sipek is pretty helpful and clear and is teaching EECS 280.
Is Python mainly used in the web development class?
Have a great last semester
You cannot take upper level EECS electives since you haven't taken EECS 281.
The requirements for the major can be seen at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf
The toughtest course accessible to you is EECS 183 prologue to programming
Linear algebra will be most valuable for ULCS courses
EECS 203 is the only class that you will need to take next semester From EECS department .
Affirm I have you agreed to accept both of those courses.
I strongly recommend you take EECS 281 based on your condition.
You should take EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science
Do you prefer large or small classes?
I'd be cautious with biting off more than you can chew considering you plan on doing 30 hours of research each week.
Is that fine?
I can't be sure so you'll have to look into the course guide. However, I do know that EECS 376 will be available in the summer.
Good morning! Is there anything I can help you with today?
Did you make this appointment on your own?
How many courses do you expect to take?
You could learn during the class but you have to be ready to spend more time on it.
Scientist Reetuparna Das
my suggestion will be to take EECS482
EECS 281 is a class you can take if you're interested in programming.
Sure, what would be interested in looking at topic wise?
Whats up?
I'm not sure right now because the class has not yet been scheduled.
I see that you haven't take EECS 281 yet.
Hi, what do you need?
How have you liked EECS classes?  Good, bad, or neither?
It looks like you are interested in Cryptography.
I would suggest joining the Michigan Data Science Team, and giving Deng a follow on Facebook, as he posts some really random but very relevant information.
Yes, taking 373 would be a good idea.
Based on that, I recommend you take EECS 281 or EECS 370.
Have a nice day.
My pleasure.
Natural language processing is a kind of machine learning

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 6:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
It's Database Management Systems.
You only need 8 more credits to graduate.
EECS 281, EECS 370, and EECS 376 are core major requirements that you now have to work on.
It will benefit you as you will learn about computer organization.
EECS477 takes effort to complete.
Are there subject at Michigan that aren't about computing that you'd like to pursue? It seems like Latin is an interest of yours.
Do you need some assistance?
The course is EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor Based Systems
Do computer science courses interest you at all?
Taking both 381 and another EECS would not be a wise choice.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Both of these are moderately difficult, but 484 is the easier of the two
You are welcome and good luck!
Techniques and algorithm development and effective programming, top-down analysis, structured programming, testing, and program correctness. Program language syntax and static and runtime semantics. Scope, procedure instantiation, recursion, abstract data types, and parameter passing methods. Structured data types, pointers, linked data structures, stacks, queues, arrays, records, and trees.
Because you have not taken any previous EECS classes, I recommend you start with the basics.
I'd suggest EECS 281 data structures in algorythm
EECS 381 is the hardest of the classes.
Is this what you are looking for your major/minor?
Hi! How can I assist you today?
Believe it or not, you've already taken three chemistry classes.
Hello!
Have you chosen a major?
Definitely, you are.
Is there a course that you would specifically like to take?
you bye
For them I would suggest dropping one
I would suggest taking EECS 470, EECS 478, or EECS 373 if you are interested in computer hardware.
A bit easier than 271, but rated average.
What brings you here today?
The Computer Science Course Overview is EECS370 and will give you a basic understanding of programming.
Wed. and Fri. mornings are EECS 373 class, in the afternoon EECS 492, and during the evening EEC484 class.
Yes I can. To help finish up your requirements you should probably take EECS370.
Sounds awesome! look like you've already taken 281, 370 and 376, you have the prerequisites to take most of the classes you want!
Have you already done EECS281?
Great, have you taken eecs 280 or eecs 281?
When did you graduate?
Do you have an interest in web development?
the rate is 4.13/5 for helpfullness
To declare a major you must finish eecs183,eecs280,eecs203,and stats250.
Right, and what are your topics of interest?
EECS 281 is a prerequisite for most upper-level EECS classes and it looks like you haven't taken it.
A requirement for graduation, are classes EECS 370, EECS 281, and EECS 376.
What courses do you like to take? Where do you stand?
I don't know if I have enough cs credits to graduate, how many are needed?
Hi!
The course may be repeated one additional time if you would like.
EECS477 is viewed as difficult by the students.
That course is named Data Structures and Algorithms, and it teaches fundamental data structures and classic algorithms.
Do you feel okay about scheduling classes now?
Hi
EECS 482 is the class number for Introduction to Operating Systems.
Don't worry about it, good night.
Is it normal to pair pair EECS 281 with EECS 370 or ECCS 376?
3.77 is the clarity rating of EECS 281.
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.
What subjects do you find interesting?
Are you interested in mobile app dev?
EECS 484 consists of about 128 students in each class and EECS 485 has about 129 in each class so they are similar size wise.
Oh dear, we'll have to look into that out then!
That’s wonderful.
EECS 376 is my suggestion for easier workload
It includes finite automata, regular languages, pushdown languages, and more, and is an introductory course to computation theory.
Sounds good. You can take EECS475, which is Intro To Cryptography.
I'd recommend either EECS485 or EECS492.
Hey Yize!
Many people told me that EECS494, Video Game Design is great.
Nor does this class have any labs.
All in all, I think every semester, one should take 2 EECS classes.
The average class size is 81.4 and has help sessions.
Hello, I'm doing well.  Can I help you look for wrt courses?
What do you want to learn
Stefan, good night and sweet dreams!
The workload of EECS485 is much the same as general 4 credit classes
What topics appeal to you?
Let us prepare for all that as well.
492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is a very good course
Correct, the course is about programming.
Did you get a grade in ENGR101?
You need help today?
Can I help you with anything else?
EECS 370 is a good choice.
Yes, you are doing well.
Yes but it is a much more difficult course
EECS 485 goes over a lot of the basics and you make web apps with flask. It is a great class for learning web dev.
You will have to take EECS 376, 281 and 370 first.
are full time undergraduate students always required to take 12 credits at least one semester?
The only other light EECS class that I could suggest now is EECS 183.
What interests you?
Do you have any questions today?
EECS 545 requires EECS281 initially
You're very welcome. Let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, you can take those courses
I would like you to pick software engineering (EECS 481)
Which is the processor architectures class
It will be a difficult class, but it is worth taking.
Are you interested in system software, the more infrastructure things?
Though you could meet with the professor David Chesney, who is teaching the course if you're concerned about your prior programming experience
I'm happy the decision was easy for you.
Can you name topics that interest you?
Are you Meili Yang?

C. options-for-correct-answers
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 7:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
482 can be very demanding and can create a very busy semester when combined with other EECS classes. However, more students find that it can be taken with humanities class with no problems.
Hello!
EECS 478 is Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization. You might like it if you liked EECS 270.
Can you handle having both in the same semester?
Although, If you are going to take Machine Learning, I would recommend taking Intro to Artificial Intelligence
Hey Stein! What do you want to talk about today??
Student, hello.
Ben Kuipers
What topics are you interested in?
I want you to prepare in mind that it might have heavy workload.
Many options are available to you.
It has a value of 2.23 as its historical easiness rating.
For this Course, there is a section for discussion.
Do you need any other suggestion?
I think you should consider EECS 485 and EECS 484.
EECS376 needs some background that is taught in EECS280.
The counts of EECS 485 are both upper level CS and flexible technical elective.
If you have software development as an interest, I recommend you take EECS481 Software Engineering.
Try looking into EECS 493 if you like web-based operations, or EECS 482 if you like working on operating systems.
You have many choices.
EECS280 does not deal with Python while it is one of two languages studied in EECS183.
I recommend EECS 183 based on your class size preference.
Enjoy the rest of your day!
To help with 281, you need to have taken 280 and 203
I can't help you too much with Electrical Engineering, but I can help you with Computer Science.
EECS376 would be my recommendation given your background.
EECS 484 is under the ULCS category.
As far as other questions, do you have any?
I should have no problem picking an upper level EECS course.
Those are required in order to take many upper level classes too.
Alright, let me see
During the Fall semester, EECS545 will be taught by a ECE professor who will provide a more mathematical approach.
Anything else to ask?
It starts at midnight
It would be important that you take the EECS484
What kind of topics you like?
You should also take ENGR183.
Are you interested in taking additional EECS classes?
You need to take EECS 203 before you can take EECS 281.
In what areas are you most interested in learning?
If you don't have any programming experience, EECS 183 may be tough.
Your choices are very limited.
If you enroll in 280 prior to 203 it may be more difficult because 203 provides information that will help you better understand the material in 280.
EECS 376 and  EECS 281 would be two courses I would recommend you take with each other because it is apparent you like math.
Hello. How may I assist you?
No problem, anything specific I can help today?
Both of these courses are more difficult.
Hello, can you tell me how you are doing?
I wouldn't sign up for both EECS183 and the intense chemistry course.
It can be done.
Sounds good! No problem!
How do you feel about databases?
Are you interested in research courses since you've done undergraduate research?
Glad I could help. Feel free to come again if there is any more help you need.
I'm happy I could help, goodbye!
I understand. Are you interested in anything in particular like web design, algorithms, or natural language processing?
Both courses are considered slightly harder than average courses.
You have completed the requirements you need to take EECS 20There are no other requirements.
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.
Based on that, I recommend you take EECS 281 or EECS 370.
Actually EECS203 is not a very large class
This class should be easy if you have good math skills.
If you are interested in mobile development you can take EECS 441.
Looking at your class history, you have plenty of philosophy studies. I recommend taking a math course or two this term.
That is a good idea
What's in it for you?
Is minoring in CS something you are considering?
Based on your background EECS376 would be your best option.
You are welcome!
Hello! How can I help you today?
You can try fundamentals in AI which is EECS 447.
EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development or EECS441 Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs could be some courses that you may be interested in based on your other courses.
It will be hard to graduate in 3 years with a double major
After completing EECS 281, you will be able to take eecs electives, which could be some computer hardware courses.
Hello, Chong! How can I help you!
Enroll in EECS 281 and EECS 370 at the same time
A good choice for you might be 441.
I would suggest taking EECS 280, because it is a required class for all those majors.
How may I help you?
So, did you want to do EE, CE or CS? Or any combination from it?
Given that you continuing on your current track of EECS classes you are actually quite ahead for a freshman!
How many EECS courses would you like to take next semester?
I think most students can handle it, its not to hard.
Anytime, have a great day!
I would not say it is code-heavy as you have taken some fairly software oriented classes.
You work in a based almost any micro-processor build  project that you'd like
How can I be of assistance today?
Of course! Go get them!
EECS 492 is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, does that interest you?
That grade is good.
It looks like you have to complete your pre-reqs first
Its a heavy workload class, and we study algorithm and data structures in it
I would suggest to you that you don't take all of them at the same time, if you don't want a big workload.
Can you help me find out how many upper level cs courses I need to graduate?
This is good. Go for it.
There aren't any classes you could take in Software Development right now.
EECS 442 is available every semester, rotating between the CSE and ECE professors who teach it
You should finish all EECS coursework before anything else.
But some people have a working knowledge related to machines and intelligent systems, without knowing every detail.
That course is worth 4 credits, no lab but plenty of discussion.

C. options-for-correct-answers
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 8:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
of the classes suggested for you, it is the smallest.
I believe that EECS470 would be your best option.
I would recommend taking eecs203 and eecs280.
Greetings. What can I do for you?
It is strongly recommended by me that based on your condition you take EECS 281.
Good luck!
It looks like EECS 203 is a class you haven't taken yet.
You are welcome. Have a good one.
Hello, do you need to know something?
After you will be able to take high level CS classes.
Would you be interested in doing that?
I would recommend that you take either EECS 484 - Database Management Systems - or EECS 485 - Web Database and Information Systems.
I suggest you to drop that intense chemistry course, if you take EECS183.
What can i do for you?
Class 281 might be your best next choice. It's rated 2.53 in terms of ease
Try to focus on two courses and drop the other courses.
270 is an optional prereq for 370, and most people who have taken 270 before 370 reported that 370 was much easier.
Those are above average grades.
I recommend that you take EECS 549 information retrieval.
Usually people take it in one of their final two semesters. I would suggest you wait for the time being.
Some students take EECS281 after they take that one.
EECS 373 shouldn't be hard if you feel good about EECS 370.
Workload survey might help there. Let me check it.
They are both easier than 475
Hi what can I help you?
In previous terms, the class size for EECS 482 has been around 100 people.
Welcome student
This class is a 4
MATH 214 is required if you have taken MATH 216.
I really think EECS 183. would benefit you
Tell me more about the specific area you are interested in.
Since it's an intro course, i don't think it will be too bad.
Why should I use this this mode?
Yes, this course requires much effort.
You should enroll in EECS 482
You are very welcome.
Have a fine rest of your day!
Yeah, he's pretty nice
Both have a middling workload, so you could do both class at the same time.
I wish you enjoy those classes!
The class has discussions but it does not have labs.
That's great!
It is a harder class, but as you are only a junior and have finished all your requirement, it can be taken by you with a lighter course load
Yes.
Here is the petition you must fill: https://www.cse.umich.edu/eecs/graduate/cse/CSE.Petition.Request.Form.pdf
Even though you don't have programming experience, I would say you should take EECS183 if you are interested in EECS.
how's your standings
To pass the class a C will do.
307 and 376 would be the best courses to go to next, since you've already taken 281.
Like if you're interviewing for places that will ask you about computer architecture or low-level subjects, you'd be better off taking 370.
You are planning on taking how many classes next semester?
the ECC 376 class size is close to 100
281 is about data structures and algorithms, giving you influence in most interviews and practice in data structures/algorithms.
have you looked through the course guide to see the description for the upper level courses offered next term?
You're welcome.  Thank you.
Yes. Can you sit down now?
Especially since 470 is an introductory graduate course.
No Issues
Welcome!
You are welcome.
You should be beginning upper-level electives at this point.
Both 441 or 493 have a heavier workload than 547.
What are you interested in?
Many of the courses are more applied, if you want classes that are more theoretical I would suggest  492, 477, and 482
Given that, I would suggest EECS 281.
In that case, EECS 494, computer game design, seems like a good choice for you.
How about you take the foundation of computer science?
You could expect around 4 hours of coursework outside of the classroom each week.
The smaller one is EECS 373
I must alert you, 482 is an extremely difficult class, there is a lot of work involved.
Web Database and Information Systems in the title
Anytime. Any other questions?
It gets better after mid-term even if you find it difficult at first.
How can I make your day better?
Due to your background, I thought you should take some high level courses.
Which of the EECS courses have you taken till now?
Were there any other classes that you liked?
I don't think it would be a good idea to take more than 2 of those classes.
Do you have any preferences about the helpfulness of a class.
CSE has math requirements you may also want to do
Given your background, you may find it difficult to take the two courses in the same semester
It is apparent that did a great job and took EECS 281.
EECS 376 or EECS 370 is a requiremnt and you can take just about any upper level course. One you might enjoy is web development, EECS 485.
Hello, how can I assist you today?
I don't have a specific recommendation but a lighter elective outside of EECS 280 and 203 would be a good choice.
You need more Eecs classes, so you should take 484.
EECS 280 is a little bit harder than EECS 203..
What do you plan to take next semester?
You may want to take EECS482!
What major fields capture your interest the most?
So what are your requirements?
Hello!
Were you referring to 370 and 485?
Consider EECS 485 or EECS 482
This course has a 2.69 rating for clarity.
Sure, Kevin J Compton is teaching this class.
Do you have any questions?
No, but you can email professor to talk about this, otherwise finish other general requirement first
The workload of EECS485 is much the same as general 4 credit classes
It’s a big class indeed.

C. options-for-correct-answers
So what are your requirements?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 9:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
Let me check.
What was the difficult level of EECS280 and EECS203?
Can I check the workload survey?
What workload did EECS280 and EECS203 had?
Pleased I could take care of it for you.
It would be a pleasure to help you.
By the way, how did you like course ENGR101?
I am sorry, I made a mistake
You could sign up for EECS 376, which is a required class and has a lighter work load.
Some good Capstone classes are EECS 441, EECS 467, EECS 481, and EECS 494.
I recommend EECS484 and EECS 485
Yes, there are CS majors who have a second major within the EECS department. However, it's only the EE major because Data Science is too similar to CS to be an option for a second major.
Introduction to Computer Organization is not as easy as Introduction to Cryptography.
Good morning. What can I help you with?
I think you did your major switch early enough that graduating on time won't be an issue.
Hi there!
Are you focusing on mobile app development?
Most people would give it a 2.50 out of 5 rating.
You're interested in what topics?
As of right now, I don't have any information about when the classes start and end.
There are no other computer hardware courses offered during next semester.
I would think twice before having another difficult course.
You could take 482, 484, 487, 481,485,477, 483, 493, or 441.
What interests you?
It is a course about basic techniques and algorithms and it is a prerequisite for future CS courses.
I didn't mean to mislead you, but it's EECS 281 instead of EECS 271.
I have knowledge of that.
To take 445 you need linear algebra and statistics first.
From the course description, it is: "Professional problem-solving methods developed through intensive group studies. Normally one significant design project is chosen for entire class requiring multiple EECS disciplines and teams. Use of analytic, computer, design, and experimental techniques where applicable are used."
Negative. The class, EECS484, is in the morning.
It's an afternoon class.
It seems that you've done a good job setting up your freshman courseload. You're well on point for the CSE major so far!
The professors alternate between CSE and ECE professors, but Jia Deng is a good professor.
It sounds like you like computer science. Are you happy with the current level of difficulty in your current class?
Hi Varsha! What's up with you today? What can I help you with?
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.
203 and 250 math will be easy for you.
What do you need to know?
ECCS 484 would be a good choice.  It's focus is databases and database management and it is great course.
The course begins at 15:00, and ends at 16:30.
What is the area of classes you are looking in?
It is starting at 0:00:00.
I see that you are experienced in hardware type classes.
No problem! I'll think about it and let you know.
We actually don't have data for either of those class' meeting time. Try coming back later!
What are your preferences?
The class isn't too hard and Professor Kieras is known to be pretty helpful.
Taking eesc 183 before secs 280 is what you should do.
The equivalent to LSA is EECS183
It is my suggestion that you finish EECS203 as soon as possible in order to declare the CS major
What area of computer science are you interested in studying?
Hello what can I assist you with
Hi! How can I assist you today?
Come get the elementary concepts.
If I were you, I would recommend taking EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts.
This is a difficult job with a lot of work.
There is also EECS 445 which is Machine Learning which may relate.
Since you've already taken the others, you still have EECS281 EECS 376 and EECS 370 to take.
How much importance does workload hold for you?
Hey! How can I be of help today?
Alright, I'm pulling up your transcript
Is gaming something you are into?
You're welcome!
Alas, I cannot decide that.
Did you like Engr, Math, Physics or Chem?
Is there something you need?
Definitely! Any particular courses you're looking at?
I would suggest starting with some basic courses for EECS
EECS 203 has a reputation for being difficult.
Do you expect to have a tough or light course load next semester?
What courses have you taken that are related to artificial intelligence before?
Nope, I am not.
Okay. What are you majoring in?
The semester will be extremely busy taking two courses.
What do you like to do in your spare time?
Yes, you have already taken EECS 280.
EECS 441 is a pretty light and easy MDE that is for web and mobile development.
Later on you will be able to enroll in higher level CS courses.
Think about taking EECS 280 next time.
That combination is very popular with students.
Anyplace specific?
The next EECS classes you have to take are easier than EECS203!
Alright. Let's view your audit report.
The workload is elevated in my opinion.
You could begin with EECS 381, which is Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Absolutely, what are you looking for in the class?
You've met all the requirements for this class. Don't worry about it.
I would recommend EECS 281 since you are a junior.
Since it's about theory of artificial intelligence, which is used in games.
A good class for you is EECS494 as you are also interested in Software Development applications.
Did you take ENGR 101?
Since it was only rated as a 3 on a 1-5 scale, Machine Learning is pretty easy.
Hello, what do you need help with?
http://diae1.eecs.umich.edu:8888/MockData/?role=student&year=student=&semester=
The easiness for this course is 2.23 so I believe you will handle it with ease.
It is not very difficult.
What subjects spark your interest?
Well, besides the ones you've taken, there are EECS281 EECS 376 and EECS 370 .
hey ian. what's up?
How can I be of service to you at this moment?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 10:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
Computer Science, is that something you're interested in?
You are welcome.
EECS183 is equal to the LSA class.
That can be classified under artificial intelligence.
Sophomores take EECS281 and EECS370 as soon as possible
Tell me about the types of lower-level electives that you think might interest you.
EECS 280 is required so it would be a great pick for you.
I recommend the following capstone courses: EECS 441, EECS 467, EECS 481, and EECS 494.
In my humble opinion, you should take it.
Cool. What's the question?
Is Introduction to Algorithms EECS477 recommended?
It is known as "Discrete Math".
Hello weilun.
I have to take EECS 280 and 203 before taking 281.
Do you like EECS183 or EECS280 better?
In my opinion, the easiness rating of EECS281 is 2.53 which would be preferable.
EECS 203 is a good introduction to EECS 376.
What sort of upper levels have you considered?
Unfortunately it's only Monday/Wednesday for this term.
There are many project based courses, I would recommend EECS 381 or EECS 482. They are project based and very informative.
Apparently you have already completed all of the pre-requisites so you can take the class.
EECS 183 would be my recommendation.
You're welcome.
Bye for now.
Can you tell me why the classes are hard?
I would recommend looking into EECS484.
Ok,I suggest you take EECS482 then.
You should think about taking EECS 280 next semester.
It was nothing.  Great conversing with you.
Do you prefer any other class preferences?
Would you say that you are interested in comp. science?
Do you have a specific area of interest?
I hate that you feel like that.
EECS 370, on the other hand, is Computer Organization and how to design an efficient system of hardware-software interaction.
Hello, how are you doing? How can I help you today?
Well as you move into the upper classes I would advise not missing lectures like you did in 280, cause you can fall behind.
This news delights me.
If you want a moderately difficult course, I suggest you take Software Engineering.
EECS442 is named Computer Vision and EECS482 is Introduction to Operating Systems
Most students take 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370.
There aren't any classes you could take in Software Development right now.
He should be great, but I don't know.
Our data on class ratings shows the class is very helpful!
What can I do for you?
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.
Yes, you can take EECS 492 Intro to Artificial Intelligence or EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems, which have a comparatively larger class sizes.
No worries!
What major fields capture your interest the most?
Is this a thing that would be good for you?
The recommended courses for you to take are EECS280 and EECS 203, both of which are medium to hard difficulty.
Do you have any issues todya?
Do you prefer any of the MDE's?
Hey there, how can I be of assistance?
Is EECS183 preferred over EECS280 by you?
376 is a good EECS course to take alongside 281 because it's not project based the way 281 and 370 are.
Yes indeed. you can add one ore more medium-level classes with them, and you'll be good to go.
It's my pleasure.
Do you like hardware?
I want you to try 14 - 16 credits, so plan on 3 or 4 classes.
Unfortunately you can't.
it will take 4 credits so 4 hrs for class and then it will take on average 4 more hours to do homework and prepare for exam.
There are about 63.7 students in EECS481 on average, and 94.33 in EECS493.
Both are a moderate amount of work.
Hello.
Do you want some more information?
Unfortunately, no.
Very welcome.
Since you've already done some fairly moderate courses you'll be able to handle it.
Hey! What can I do for you today?
I'd consider taking both Operating Systems (EECS482) and EECS470 (Computer Architecture).
Just because a course is popular doesn't mean it is a crip course.
Very well then and have a wonderful day.
Also, I'm wondering if you want to be taking two different CS courses given it will be necessary to take EECS 376 soon.
Are the courses easy or difficult?
You should think about taking EECS 280 next semester.
And that for EECS 281 is 2.53
Hello, what do you need help with?
How can I be of your assistance?
How can I help you with advice?
There's usually a couple sections of 370, as it is a required class.
What do you think about EECS484?
What about EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence?
Hello fellow student
It is doable, but it is a heavy workload
The workload of EECS485 is similar to that of general 4 credit classes
You should take an elective while taking EECS 280 and 203.
In fact EECS 183 has enough hands-on programming. Students will complete projects and create programs that are practical to life outside of class.
Martha Pollack is teaching 203 next year.
How can I help you, Kangxu?
You should take up EECS183 course.
It is a typical MDE for a student of CS.
Hi Kevin! What can I do for you today?
373 will be meeting at 10:30 to 12 on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
So I would suggest you to take 280 given your requirement.
Based on your preference for workload,
I recommend that you take this class based on your preferences.
Before you are allowed to take any upper level courses you have to take EECS203.
Sure, what kind of question about class that you want to ask?
In that case I highly recommend EECS 388, EECS 484 and EECS 482.
A computer science course?

C. options-for-correct-answers
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 11:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
You should take an intellectual breath class and one of the required STATS classes in the mornings.
It is a good morning
You should be prepared for EECS280 if you did well in Engr101. Especially if you feel comfortable coding C++.
It's more straightforward.
I can't be sure so you'll have to look into the course guide. However, I do know that EECS 376 will be available in the summer.
Then I will suggest you to take EECS280 next semester if you are interested in CS.
Minoring in EECS is possible and I'd say to sign up for EECS 281 next semester.
No, not this next semester. It is required you take EECS 281 before you can take EECS 388 and EECS 485
Sounds good! Then EECS 492 is a good class for your schedule.
EECS 281 date structures in algorythm is what I suggest.
Between EECS 281 and EECS 370, EECS 281 people tend to rate 281 more demanding
EECS 376 deals with context free languages, turing machines and other computational complexities.
Any particular course choices in mind ?
From that point you can begin taking CS classes that are upper level.
This is Database Management Systems.
Das Reetuparna
Ok, I will suggest EECS376 (Foundations of Computer Science), EECS281 (Data Structures and Algorithms), EECS475 (Introduction to Cryptography) and EECS370 (Introduction to Computer Organization)
I highly recommend EECS 376, 370, and 281
I suggest that you take EECS 370 since you haven't. It's required for graduation and many other ULCS classes.
I'm doing good, how have you been?
I would go with EECS 493 for the front-end and EECS 482 for the back-end.
EECS 376 has a professor who isn't particularly helpful, EECS 281 is a course you will be interested in with a helpful professor.
If you are ok with the workload for EECS281 and for this course its 2.5 so i think you should be ok with this.
It looks like since you are a freshman and new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
Correct. This counts as a ULCS for Data Science.
Tell me your preferences.
EECS 376 and 281 are about the same level of difficulty but 376 involves theoretical computer science rather than programming.  EECS 370 is quite easy and a requirement for certain CS upper level classes.
What score is required to take other upper level eecs courses?
This is a class that you will learn about turing machines.
Do you have any interest in logic circuit synthesis and optimization?
The easiness rating is a 2.23
I don't think it'll be too bad, because it's an introductory class.
I see that you've already taken EECS338 and EECS475.
370 usually has a couple of sections, since it's a requirement.
Given the fact that you've taken EECS281, you can take 484 if you want.
It's the artificial intelligence theory that's used in games.
Up to 150 students may attend this class so be prepared.
What did you not like about that class?
A lot of people say they like 486, and it is also not too programming-intensive.
Yes. You need to have taken EECS 280 and you have already taken it.
All specialties will grow by completing this class.
Unfortunately, I don't have info about what programming language is used in EECS 280.
In order to understand how computers execute programs you can use EECS 370.
I now bid you goodbye!
hi ian. how ya doin?
Is there somehow I can assist you today?
Great! What can I assist you with?
Great! How are you?
It is time for you to shift to upper-level electives.
What topics are you interested in?
Fundamental concepts of AI is discussed in Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
Stats 415 and 470 are considered easy classes with light workloads. If you enjoy statistics then those could be pretty easy for you to take.
While there is a difference between math 214 and 217, they are both linear algebra. Math 217 deals with applied linear algebra and is known to be the harder of the two courses.
Students think 482 is the easiest about operating systems are simple
Which of the two do you find more interesting: AI or databases?
Definitely! Which major have you considered?
It looks like the next set of classes you would take to continue along the CS path would be EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization
In a semester, how many programming courses would you be willing to take?
Sorry, I can only provide feedback on EECS classes.
What is the topic that you are interested in?
Four upper level cs plus one capestone course sums up what you need to graduate
It's an intro class with no prereqs. It has a large class size, weekly homework, attendance is taken, and there will be exams.
According to my records, the clarity ratings for both are pretty high.
A requirement for majoring in computer science is taking EECS370.
You are interested in what kind of topics?
Language courses are best taken in your junior or senior year if still interested.
Are you seeking to be advised?
Hello Kescher, I would be happy to help today or any day
A course on video games is right up your alley. It is more entertaining then 485 and 482 is.
let me check, ill look over your transcript.
If you;re looking to take an upper level course as soon as possible, I recommend you take EECS 281 first.
The course is helpful, but not easy.
You're welcome, bye!
Okay, the computer game design course, EECS 494, would be a good option for you.
Hello, how's it going?
Absolutely none. But theoretical computer science is still good knowledge to have.
Which of those sound fun to you?
Unfortunately, it doesn't look like there are any classes offered next semester on web dev that you can sign up for.
Then I would recommend looking into electrical engineering and computer engineering as well!
Hello, I can see how to help
The only other light EECS class that I could suggest right now is EECS 183.
Let me correct myself: EECS370 and EECS376.
Moderate. Semester projects are not a bug end as it is.
It's less challenging that EECS 280.
What are your interests with in computer science?
I don't know, you'll have to consult the course guide. However, EECS 376 is definitely an option in the summer.
Based on your expressed interests, and requirements, I highly suggest taking Machine Learning.
You'll earn four credits.
Hey, what's your name?
Anything else I can help you with?
I am not sure as the difficulty rating for 483 is not yet available.
good afternoon!
Alright. Which classes are you referring to?
Are you interested in any particular areas of computer science?
For you, I think EECS 482 would be good.
What do you need assistance with?
493 would be a easy on workload, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
Have a great rest of the day!
EECS281, EECS370, and EECS376 are classes that you have taken.
We will teach you structured data types, pointers, linked data structures and similar stuff

C. options-for-correct-answers
let me check, ill look over your transcript.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 12:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
It has a 2.93 easiness rating.
The selection you seek is based off of what criteria?
What is your availability during the day?
This add up to 12 credits of upper level cs
Please have a great semester.
I recommend 376,370,281 or 478 to complete your degree asap.
It is a core class. The instructor is Igor L Markov.
So this would help facilitate doing well in 280, Programming and Intro Data Structures.
Hi there! How are you doing?
What are you interested in most: Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, or Artificial Intelligence?
I suggest you take class 376 it is required for your major
EECS 482 is a class where you will learn to build complex software systems.
What issues intrigue you?
Great!, What are your questions?
Though completing 270 first makes 370 much easier.
And by how many
Are you switching from CSE to CS, by chance?
do you want this track to continue
In that case I highly suggest EECS 388, EECS 484 and EECS 482.
Are you looking to take a heavy or light semester?
Computer vision is taught in EECS 442.
Would you be focusing on some game design classes?
This course will introduce you to the mathematical foundations of computer science.
If you really liked 281 and want more of a challenge, I'd suggest EECS 381.
Greetings, how are you today?
EECS484 is taught fairly normally.
EECS280 was a class I really enjoyed though.
Correct, most students take those courses together. And EECS 370 shouldn't be as difficult because you've already taken EECS 270.
Have a nice day!
376 easiness rate is 1.91.
What other fields of study are you interested in?
Three of them in your list all have final projects as well as discussion sections.
Have a good day.
sorry
you should choose something you want to do instead!
Though you could meet with the professor teaching the class, David Chesney, if you're concerned about your prior programming experience.
No problem. Any more questions?
That's ok. Do you have anything else I can help you with?
No problem!
EECS 280 is more work than EECS 203.
Alright there are two EECS courses that might be good for you next semester: EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts and EECS 280 Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
Both are about 80 to 90 people, so both are quite large classes.
The courses coming up next are usually EECS 281, EECS 370, and/or EECS 376
Shane, Hello!
Hello!
Bye!
Well, none of them are before 10:30 so far.
Typically, 280 is much harder than the other.
That is the only "lighter workload" programming class that I know of. There are other "light workload" eecs courses, but they will be more theoretical and assignment/homework based instead of programming and project based. Do you still like to hear about them?
Much appreciated, you have a great day
482 can be a very heavy load and so creates a very busy semester if you take it with other classes but most students find it can be comfortably taken with humanities class.
Hi. What would you like some help with.
Are you planning on taking any more EECS classes?
How about Operating Systems? It happens to be an advanced class, which you already satisfy the prerequisites.
About 81 students study in EECS 281 course
Are you in need of my help for anything else?
If I were you, I would take this course next semester.
Yes, most students take those classes together. You also took EECS 270, so EECS 370 won't be as hard.
What are your thoughts?
In what topics are you interested?
No problem, I hope I answered all of your questions.
Although, If you are going to take Machine Learning, I would suggest taking Intro to Artificial Intelligence
Okay, what field are you most interested in?
EECS 281 would be a good choice.
Since you have already completed EECS 388, this might be an intersting course for you
If you want to take game design and other computer science courses then Eecs 280 is a pre-requisite.
Currently, 64 students are enrolled.
Eecs 281 is also required and you are not allowed to take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
I suggest you also take EECS 482.
No, there isn't.
This class also has a light workload and is offered in the late afternoon
As a beginner in algorithm, course EECS 281 is best for learning about it.
What do you think about your ability to handle both in the same semester?
Due to the fact that it does not have EECS 281 as its mandatory qualification.
Yeah, I think you should take an LSA class to get a break from CS, perhaps dance 101. I've heard it's great.
You should be aware that 281 is a very intensive course.
You have some classes required, namely EECS 376 or EECS 370. You are also free to take virtually any upper level course you'd like. One upper level elective you may want is EECS 485- web development.
How deep in the knowledge base of EECS482 do you think we need to know to have a successful job interview?
If you want to be conservative, EECS281, EECS376, and another 4 credit class might work better for you.
I recommend EECS 470 after everything I've learned.
What I would say is that you should just start taking 281 with it now, because you'd want that out of the way to take other courses.
Would you like some more information?
Typicaly this course is not very large. Only about 100 students enjoy each semester.
How are you?
EECS 370 is about computer organization and is a prerequisite for many courses that expand on this topic which EECS 482 being fairly popular.
For example, I suggest taking EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms, EECS 370 Computer Organization, or EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, for your next semester
Awesome, goodbye!
Three courses can be removed from these options, given your background.
For computer security, take EECS 388. For operating systems, take EECS 482. For artificial intelligence, take EECS 492
Hello there! What do you need today?
You could talk to David Chesney if you need help with programming.
EECS 484 is database oriented more than anything.
The course start time is 15:00 and the course will end at 16:30
You will be successful with this course because it has an easiness rating of 2.23
How are you? My I offer you some assistance?
OK. Great! Do you have any more questions?
For now, do any of the three other courses interest you as well?
EECS 280 and EECS 203 are the preferred courses for you.
That's a good course of action, I was mistaken earlier EECS 376 is actually the hardest class out of the four, so your courseload shouldn't be too bad with the three remaining classes.
My recommendation is 492 Artificial Intelligence. I was a grader for that class and while I was doing that we had very intriguing NLP stuff each semester.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also required and you are not allowed to take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 13:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
Absolutely none. But theoretical computer science is still good knowledge to have.
From these answers, it looks like you should consider taking EECCS 441 Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs.
I do not know.
For more programming experience try these two logical extensions of the courses already taken.
Which of those two interest you the most, considering your student status and record.
Remember that the latter course is slightly more challenging. So you don't have to take it as a sophomore.
EECS 280 and 203 are prerequisites for EECS 281.
I looked at your courses and determined you shouldn't have too much trouble doing them together.
EECS 281 might be another class you should consider registering for.
From what I've heard, the course isn't that challenging and Professor Kieras is quite helpful they say.
EECE 373 Design of Microprocessor Based System sounds interesting, doesn't it?
While it is only 3 credits and said to be easier, the class size is around 30 students
You must first take 281 to take 203.
The core classes that you need are EECS 183.
I'm almost certain there's no overlap
If you would like to take software development classes, you must first take EECS281.
Of the EECS courses, EECS481 is relatively small while the more popular ones, EECS484 and EECS485 are very large.
The teacher for EECS 376 is not quite as helpful, but not unhelpful. But, EECS 281 sounds like a course you are more interested in, and though it is a bit more difficult you would be able to get support and help from the professor.
Thanks for being here. Bye!
Are you interested in programming?
Are there any other questions by you?
Both 376 (Foundations of Computer Science) and 281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) are important for a CS degree.
To get to know compiler, take 583.
Try EECS 492 (Intro to AI) and EECS 481 (Software Engineering) because they'd be helpful to you. Good!
Hi student
On the helpfulness rating Computer Vision has 4 points
370 is Introduction to Computer Organization
bye too you
Yes, and I also suggest that you take eecs203 Discrete Math because it will help you with understanding upper level cs classes in the future.
Does programming intrigue you?
Not a problem.
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it I should perfectly manageable
Do you prefer classes in the morning or afternoon?
There are several requireed core courses you will need in order to declare your major as computer science.
I see you have a lot of classes to choose from. How may I help you?
there are two core classes you can take next semester: EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms, and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization, though I don't have information on the course start and end time yet
That's not a problem, good bye!
The class is very helpful according to our rating data!
Are there any other questions you have?
Physics 240 is my recommendation, as well as an intellectual breadth class or whatever choice you want, so that you can stay on track.
The class size is 40 and offers 4 credits.
As there are no big end of semester projects, so moderate.
EECS 575 Advanced Cryptography is a class you could think about doing next.
Howdy, how have you been today?
Okay. The same to you! :)
Of course! Today is a great time to take CS courses.
Have you looked EECS 492 (Introduction to Artificial Intelligence)?
Both of these classes have a moderate workload.
okay,go on
Groovy! Because you liked the size of the class, and the content of EECS 203, I would enjoy EECS 376: Foundations of Computer Science.
I am glad that this helped.
EECS 203 has a reputation of being a difficult course
Hey there what do you need help with today?
This course is helpful but not easy.
You should think about taking EECS 280 next semester.
were you able to work out your schedule?
*Is
Of course! Have a great rest of the day.
You can take 203 and 280 directly.
Working in groups is part of the educational journey. It can be hard to learn to work with people who have different learning styles.
I have to fill a prerequisite.
Hello, is there something I can help you with?
Not a problem. Have a great day.
How can I be of assistance today?
Graduating will require you to take EECS 281,370, and 376.
I do not think so. EECS183 is meant for beginners in computer science. It teaches fundamental concepts in programming and does not require any programming experiences.
Great evening!
yep, you've got that, the prerequisite is 280
How may I help you today?
Absolutely, please give me a moment.
According to the comments, it is considered to be worthwhile.
Yes, I can see that, do you have a question?
Are you looking for foundational or advanced courses?
The three classes you have taken are EECS281, EECS370, and EECS376.
Anytime, goodbye!
I will go over your transcript.
EEECS183 is fun and easy, students have always loved it.
the starting time is 9:00
Are you into this database?
Check the course page if you are finding the syllabus.
I my opinion, you should not be taking any other heavy math classes if you plan on taking eecs280 and eecs203 at the same time.
183, Elementary Programming Concept, is the easiest EECS class you can take next semester
Natural language processing is just like machine learning.
Taking both courses together can lead to a heavy workload because they are both project based. If you choose to do both, I'd take an easier class with them.
Hi, I'm happy to help you.  What are your questions?
It is my recommendation, based on the information in front of me, that you take EECS281 data structures and algorithms.
For sure, let me check for a min.
Great!  EEC485 is a good course to take.  You should also think about taking that after you take EECS 281 in the next semester.
Hello, Tianyi, what can I do for you?
Are you trying to take more EECS courses?
That's prefect! Can I help you with anything else?
It's clarity rating is 3.74. and the easiness rating is 3.05.
It really depends on the workload you want to take
Martha E Pollack is teaching EECS 203. She is about medium on helpfulness and about medium on clarity.
Hello, what brings you to my office today?
You seem to have all other general engineering requirements.
The easiness rating of EECS281 course is 2.53 so I would suggest you to take that.
You should have picked up some computer science too!
Uh Oh, we'll have to figure that out then!
Hi

C. options-for-correct-answers
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it I should perfectly manageable

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 14:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
Have a great last semester
The EECS481 software engineering course is very popular in software development.
That will not be a problem!
No problem, have a good one.
Another suggestion is 478 (Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization), which you may be more interested in
I suggest that you attend the classes and take some notes.
The other prerecs you should take are 376 and 281.
Are there preferences that you have other than what you have provided?
You should do some classes for programming in topics you like.
Do you prefer computer hardware or computing infrastructure?
Yes only those two are manageable.  Another light class could be taken by you, if you can manage a heavier semester
You can also consider taking 381 next semester, which is Object Oriented and Advanced Programming and in the software development area
You could also take EECS 281 with either EECS 370 or EECS 376
Could you elaborate on the difficulty of the classes you enjoy taking?
I am sorry that we don't have a small class for this.
Each course is 4 credits.
Hey, what's shaking?
Take EECS281 this next semester by my suggestion.
There aren't any other recommendations I can give besides 376.
nice to meet you too
EECS484 could be taken first.
What else can I help you with?
Are you interested in computer organization?
What are your interests?
Please prepare for a potentially heavy work involved with this choice.
Are there any topics that you are interested in?
What else interests you?
The course is called Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
No, I'm saying that you're awesome.
An important class to take is 281
For the classes you have taken, which have you enjoyed the most?
Intensive group studies, and a comprehensive project that will require multiple EECS techniques to complete
Hello student! Welcome to EECS counselling. What can I do for you today?
One must study Discrete Math if they desire to add upon what they have learned while studying Computer Science.
Advisory prerequisites include a linear algebra class and a statistics class.
Yes EECS 481 is an MDE
Are you at all interested in learning about algorithms?
If you have taken EECS 281 then i recommend you take EECS388 and EECS475 for your field.
You'll probably learning more about implementing different types of data structures in your code.
Have fun with your class!
My suggestion is taking EECS280 to improve your base coding knowledge
Which part of Engineering 100 were you in?
If you are taking other EECS courses, EECS 492 is a very challenging course. But if you just take 492 it should not be too much workload.
I think EECS482 is more useful for you!
It doesn't seem like a big issue that most professors would fuss about.
Goodbye and have a good day.
The Algorithims course is course 586.
The course teaches basic techniques and algorithms, and you need to take it before other CS courses.
I enjoyed talking with you girl, have a good one.
The courses programming and data structure, did you try them?
Is EECS 484 under your consideration?
That's not in eecs
Sounds great!
Bye.
you took eecs270, not eecs370, you arent right
The times aren't listed on my schedule, but for the most part there's multiple sections.
Terrific! Would you be interested in database? My recommendation for one of your courses next semester is EECS 484.
I strongly advise you to take the EECS 376 along with it.
My advice is that you choose both options.
If you would like to take computer-related field as a major, it is a very important course.
Sounds like a plan.  I am going to my next appointment
I am happy to help.
It was nice meeting you too
Are you minoring in anything? I notice you have taken a lot of courses not specifically for an EECS major.
I see you have taken a couple of courses in mathematics department in previous semesters
One of the courses regarding advanced database systems is 584.
Hello. Are you ready to begin?
Code for Electronic Commerce is EECS547 while that for Introduction to Cryptography is EECS475.
Hello!
For a CE you need a technical elective. I believe you should take a 300 level physics class.
Are you looking to take a heavy or simple semester?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't get confused many students believe 203 is harder than 280.
Based on your interest, I would suggest you to take EECS 485.
The only class for the Artificial Intelligence Area is EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence.
A few possibly helpful classes are EECS442 or EECS482. Neither are too much work, and they should match your interests.
You will notice that the information will be on Wolverine access while you are registering.
Make the best of sunrise to sunset.
EECS591.
Because you have already completed EECS 281 and are into databases. I recommend taking EECS 484
Howdy, there!
For an easier web course, try EECS 493
We have a software development course, and another one on infrastructure.
What time would you prefer?
Based on your class size preference, I recommend that you take that.
On account of it not having the EECS 281 class as its requirement.
However you can also look at 470.
I'd be happy to help you today Kescher
In that situation I recommend checking out EECS 485 or EECS 493
Would you like to major in CS?
Since you've taken MATH 425, that may not actually be true.
A class size of 45.4, EECS 376 is quite small.
For the upcoming semester you could take  EECS 381 -- Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Credit wise your are on tack.
Hello, is there anything I can help you with today?
EECS 595 Natural Language Processing may also be good for you
Taking eesc 183 before secs 280 is what you should do.
Can I help you today?
In my opinion, it's time to get your core requirements finished toward your degree.
EECS 376 is generally a lighter load, so I might save it for a semester where you might want to take a harder class like EECS 381 or 482. EECS 370 though is a good requirement to knock out because it is a prerequisite to a lot of other upper levels such as 381 or 482
Great! EECS 280 is the follow up course most students take.

C. options-for-correct-answers
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't get confused many students believe 203 is harder than 280.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 15:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
A good first ULCS class is 492 as it makes few assumptions about student knowledge.
Had you heard about how machines learn prior to this conversation?
Yes, that would be good!
EECS has a class size of 45.4 which is quite small.
You're welcome.
Because of your prior knowledge take EECS183 and 280.
Sounds wonderful!
neither
What topics are you interested in?
You can try EECS 281 instead.
Yes, these course will teach you from beginning, but it will be a little more work if you don't know programing.
You’re welcome
If you want to understand Computer Science you have to understand Mathematics at its roots.
Also, 280/203 which are the following class you would take next have a pre-req of 183
Advanced programming test that is object oriented
If you are into algorithms, I would suggest taking that course, but it is always better to signup when you have more experience.
What can I do for you, good morning.
Although, definitely as you move into these higher level classes I wouldn't recommend missing lectures like you did in 280, you might fall behind.
Awesome! How is your day?
If that sounds interesting to you. If it doesn't, you would have to complete the other prerequisites first.
I suggest you prioritize classes that count towards your major, and only take extra classes if there is an opening in your schedule
EECS 381 is an OOP course that will improve your coding skills a lot but has a very heavy courseload.
I recommend taking 281 with your solid background.
You are welcome
To be a software engineer, you should have knowledge of linear algebra and probability.
Can I offer some assistance with class advice?
Unless you have extra space in your schedule, I would recommend sticking to 484. If you need another class, you may want to consider taking EECS 381.
You're welcome!
Take care!
Do you wish to learn about user interface development?
What courses are you planning for?
EECS442 or EECS482 might be helpful to take. Both have a reasonable workload and should mesh with your interests.
wonderful day sir
what is the number of classes that you are planning to take in EECS come next semester?
Would you be interested in database systems?
Good bye and you are entirely welcome.
The Programming and Introductory Data Structures class is called EECS280
This course on logic circuits is advanced.
EECS 485 is about web development and information systems.
Most pupils also take 370 before 376
The classes are Programming and Introductory Data Structures, Discrete Math, and Elementary Programming Concepts, respectively.
Have a lovely day.
Happy I was able to help you. See ya.
You meet the requirements, no need to worry
Since you have taken EECS 270, you should take EECS 470.
At the moment, 483's difficulty rating is not available hence I am not yet certain.
There are 64 students currently enrolled.
EECS 376 is not project based.
Drop one
The only other light EECS classes to suggest right now is EECS 183.
Is there something I can do for you?
Do you want to take an easier class along with these ones?
Ok if there's anything else I can do for you let me know
For graduation, you only need 8 more credits, but that doesn't mean you can' t take more EECS classes.
Normally, you take the 281 course in your sophomore year. It is a weeder course that teaches you data structures and algorithms.
EECS547is Electronic Commerce and  EECS475 is Introduction to Cryptography.
EECS 441 has a class size of 50 students, and EECS 571 is around 10 students.
From your preferences, I think EECS 281 would be ideal for you.
May I help you with anything?
As a sophomore studying computer science, you could take EECS 203.
Do you have any interest in databases?
Since you are a senior and have completed eecs 281, Yes.
How would you like to to take a math course next semester?
EECS 484 Database Management System, EECS 481 Software Engineering, and EECS 493 User Interface Development are all courses relating to software development
Double majoring with one of the majors being CSE will be very hard. If you are sure about your work ethic, it's doable, but i'd suggest doing a minor in classics, not a major
Please explain what you want to study.
What is it that interests you?
EECS 281 is a more difficult course than EECS 376. However, the professor for EECS 281 is very supportive and helpful.
Please feel welcome here.
Great!
I think that EECS 370 is more applicable than EECS 376.
Do you participate in  a study group?
Considering your background, I told you it made sense to take high level courses.
Can you handle another EECS course or would it better to try a non-technical course for your schedule?
From what I know know 584 may not be the best option.
Ok no problem. Night.
Of course! Have a great rest of the day.
Professors are really helpful, so I think you can pass upper level classes by going to office hours.
For next semester what do you think you want to take
Are you majoring in CE or CS?
492 is also a nice first ULCS class, as it does not make too many assumptions about student knowledge.
Greetings Shane!
What exactly are your require preferences?
What did you score in ENGR100?
Oh...okay, see ya.
Sounds good. Bye!
Hey there!
It seems that 203 and 280 are a good selection for your next semester.
EECS 481 has a class size of 63.71.
Do you have a preferred class size?
Would you like me to elaborate further on either of those classes?
A good class, I think, would be EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science.
Thank you very much, hope you have a good day.
Would you like to continue taking upper level CE classes as you've previously done?
Since you have already taken EECS 388, this might be an intersting course for you
EECS 281 will be the most important one for you because you didn't take it already.
Best wishes!
Anything else you need?
Yes, you are able to add one ore more medium-level classes with that course.
How did you like EECS 370?

C. options-for-correct-answers
What exactly are your require preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 16:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
Hi, what can I help you?
Both of the professors have clear instructions and are helpful.
It depends on what you like. What's your favorite class?
I don't suggest taking more than two EECS classes at the same time, but two upper level CS classes is workable.
Is  281 challenging?
Yes, I think so.
What topics interest you?
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
The course isn't considered hard. The easiness rating is 3 over 4 and in the past, students have found it helpful.
Do you have any more questions for me?
OK, what topics are you interested in?
Are you interested in database management systems?
Can you specify what you're looking for?
How are you today?
Absolutely none. But theoretical computer science is still good knowledge to have.
I suggest taking EECS 281 for a Sophomore.
Maybe something more broad, such as EECS 280 or EECS 183?
It looks like this might be your first CS related course, right?
Perfect! Nice seeing you!
Hello, what can I do to help you?
You have 3 classes left because of your enrollment record.
Then 484 sounds like a good choice.
Based on your history, I would recommend Operating Systems, and Database management
Is science or literature, more appealing to you?
Yes, if you take your 4 ULCS classes and your MDE in the next 3 semesters you can graduate on time.
Previously, it has had an approximate class size of 80.
Well as you move into the upper classes I would advise not missing lectures like you did in 280, cause you can fall behind.
Hi, how can I be of service to you.
As long as you keep track of matrix sizes, Linear Algebra is simple.
I apologize, I am the advisor.
What kind of classes are you interested in?
Which computer science area focus would you like to take classes in?
Methods and analysis of production of software systems can be pragmatric.
Currently you are off schedule.  You have to take  EECS 370 and 376 as quickly as you can, they  are a pre requirement for many upper level EECS
the instructor for advising in needs
What study year are you in?
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science or EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms seem to be like the classes that would make sense to take next and they deal with Software Infrastructure Applications
What are you studying?
I hope your day is good.
This class is not ideal for you so I my files don't have anymore information about it.
In order to graduate, you are required to take EECS 370, EECS 281, and EECS 376.
Are you certain on the areas you'd like to focus on?
Graduating will require you to take EECS 281,370, and 376.
Great!
I recommend taking EECS484 first.
Are you going to try graduating this year?
That's great!
Given the courses you have taken before, EECS481 Software Engineering, EECS484 Database Management Systems, and EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems would be good for you. It depends on what specific areas are you interested in.
Oh alright. So considering what you are interested in, I think you should take 492 and 477.
"Foundations of Computer Science" is the title of EECS 376
If the course load is too much, I would suggest you drop EECS280.
What is your experience in using programming languages?
Sorry I cannot tell you their schedules, my database if not yet updated.
It's usually taken during the final two semesters.  It might be best to hold off on that for now.
Hmm.
That's great!  Would you be interested in exploring elementary CS courses or advanced courses?
If you are looking for courses in AI you may look into software engineering.
Is there anything else you need?
I have to fill a prerequisite.
281 is the pre-requisite for both classes.
Sounds lovely! Since you've already taken 281, 370 and 376, you've done the prerequisites for most classes.
This is one of the easiest intro level classes you can take.
I apologize for my mistake.
For instance, EECS203 is a great beginning .
I see you have finished ENGR101.
If you take stats 250 instead of physics 140 you will have a more balanced schedule.
I would recommend  Introduction to Artificial Intelligence as the other MDE option
Have a great day!
Hello
I thought you were interested in math classes?
This introduction to mathematical foundations is a computer science course.
Have you previously taken any courses related to artificial intelligence?
Out of the selection, EECS 381 is the most difficult choice.
That is right  EECS484 Database Management Systems or EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development are both options
Does Computer Science Major interests you?
Yes, and have a great day!
If you think you can handle it, do it.
Tell me about what topics interest you.
Are you interested in any of the classes?
Hey, How may I of use to you?
it is offered from 10:30am to 12pm
3 other upper level CS classes are still needed by you.
There are two more classes for you to fill.
EECS477 takes effort to complete.
do you need more info on those classes?
Will you be able to handle another EECS or would a non-technical course be a better option for you?
sure, what questions do you have?
Do you interested in computer organization?
Holly Christine Sipek is teaching EECS 280;  She is highly helpful and highly clear
The workloads would probably be similar
It's my pleasure.
Great, all done have a great day.
EECS280 might be something you'd like to look at as well.
If you want me to check on this you will need to give me a couple of seconds.
It's given a rating of 4.13/5 in helpfulness.
It's certainly not an easy schedule, but it is on par with your previous terms.
Most desired majors will profit from enrolling in this class.
Absolutely, talk to you later!
Due to your background, I thought you should take some high level courses.
Based of Microprocessor  Design EECS 373: It is Systems

C. options-for-correct-answers
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 17:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
It can be difficult.  If you found EECS280 to be too difficult, this probably will be too.
Good luck on everything!
ENGR 101 and Calculus are courses you've taken.
Have you decided to switch from CSE to CS?
We should anticipate that too.
Given your preferences, I would suggest that you take EECS280.
you are always welcome and good bye
Well, EECS 370 covers computer organization. It's a prerequisite for a lot of courses on that topic, like EECS 482, which is pretty popular.
370 is not as heavy as 281 and 475, it is a moderate workload.
Is this class fairly easy?
EECS 376 is a great beginner course.
Hope your day is good.
You've already taken 492 before, so I think it's not necessary to take it again
What major intrigues you the most?
Or what are the specific course that you want to take?
How many preferences should you tell me?
What are your interests?
Okay, do you have any in mind? Are you struggling with something?
Are larger classes fine with you?
The course is made up of basic algorithms and analysis as well as foundation analysis.
The name of that course is Data Structures and Algorithms. It will teach you some fundamental data structures and classic algorithms.
As you are a junior with lots of electives available I would suggest EECS540, Applied Quantum Mechanics if you are interested in atomic level physics.
Ok let me check your previous courses
Structured data types, pointers, linked data structures, stacks, queues, arrays, records, and trees. Program language syntax and static and runtime semantics. Scope, procedure instantiation, recursion, abstract data types, and parameter passing methods. Techniques and algorithm development and effective programming, top-down analysis, structured programming, testing, and program correctness. Program language syntax and static and runtime semantics.
I'm here, hola!
The difficulty is 2.53
The design an efficient system of hardware-software interaction
Does that sound like a class that would be intriguing?
EECS 595 Natural Language Processing might be good for you
Based on your liking, I believe that you should take EECS281.
You should take the cs core classes EECS 281, 370, and 376
Is that intresting to you?
I welcome you.
Both EECS376 and EECS370 can be taken at the same time.
Good morning! What can I help you with today?
That is a LOT of work. I'd advise taking two of those courses at the most, but if you think you can handle the workload, then go for it.
Any interest in logic circuit synthesis and optimization?
Will you mind taking a course with large class size?
The other prereqs you must take are 376 and 281.
I suggest you take 381. But I don't think you should take any other EECS classes with it.
EECS 280 is known to be a difficult class
I would recommend EECS 481 for Software Development based on your preferences.
545 and 485 courses are a little heavy.
If you're looking for an easy class, EECS 183 is better than EECS 280 or EECS 203.
What do you what to major in as a freshman?
Intellectual breadth courses are often good to sign up for when you have other courses with heavy workloads
It is hard to assign a difficulty to this, however, you will have 4 credit hours and a lab for this course.
Which EECS courses did you enjoy the most?
Your ULCS is required next year.
Have you tried doing a math minor
I recommend EECS 470 after everything I've learned.
It should be around 4 hours a week.
Dont you worry, for people who don't have much experience in computer science like you there is EECS 183.
Considering your previous courses, it should not be hectic.
Actually you are ahead of schedule
What's your opinion on EECS 481 or EECS 477?
What did you think of the class?
Time management is mostly important
Do you have any interests?
Hello
Yes, this is not an easy course
You can complete your graduate requirement with the help of this.
0:00 is the starting time.
Sounds good, let's see your prior courses.
Welcome!
Is there anything else?
That's a ton of work. I'd recommend just doing two of those, but go for it if you think you can manage.
For instance, EECS203 is a great start.
Hello. Can I help you with anything?
Web technology is covered in EECS45
What do you like to do in your spare time?
None.
Have you done any CS courses before now?
For most students, I would not advise it
Eecs 280 is a prerequisite for most of the computer science classes, which includes game design
A very small class is Informal Retrieval
EECS482 is one that I would recommend.
We have courses in both of those.
Is web development interesting?
EECS 482 is a light to moderate courseload.
In order to graduate, you need to take 376.
The class will include a lot of math so it will be hard if you don't have a background in linear algebra or statistics.
The topic of this course concerns the layered structure of a computer.
Are you the student who made the appointment?
Yes, some CS majors can pursue a double major in the EECS department. However, they can only do this with EE. Data Science overlaps with CS too much for it to count as a possible double major.
281 is about data structures and algorithms, giving you influence in most interviews and practice in data structures/algorithms.
Fine, how can I help you?
EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts, and EECS 280 Programming and Introductory Data Structures are two EECS courses that might be good for you next semester.
Many answers can be found in 370.
You only need one more upper elective since you have already taken three.
Is Hingkak Lee the professor?
That information can be found on Wolverine access when registration is completed.
It is a helpful intro to object oriented programming
It looks like you still need to complete EECS 376, three more ULCS classes, Stats 250, and an MDE.
Ok, what type of classes do you want to take next semester?
Yes, to start you could enroll in EECS 381, Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
I'm glad I was able to help.
Yes, with a good calculus background, that is doable.
However, you can't take classes on those topics yet, as it seems you haven't progressed very far in CS yet.
The course is rated 2.69.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 is a prerequisite for most of the computer science classes, which includes game design

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 18:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
Sounds good!
There are lots of paid research opportunities I would check out! If you enjoyed 370, you might really like AI and machine learning research. I'd contact Jenna Weins.
This class size is 60 and that is perfectly normal for a senior design course
Your interests shows that you should take EECS 492 Introduction to AI.
Hello. Is there  anything you need for help?
Does that sound like something you would enjoy?
The choice is between LSA or CoE. Which one?
I would like to tell you that I am sorry because you feel that way.
They haven't been scheduled yet.
That way I can advise you more.
Till we meet again.
So this would help facilitate doing well in 280, Programming and Intro Data Structures.
Goodbye! and Thanks for contacting me!
EECS376 will be important for your current major.
Are more upper level CE classes something that would interest you now that you've taken some?
Yes, spot on.
to take most CS Upper Levels, you need to complete EECS 281 and EECS 370.
According to your background, you have high skill with math.
Almost everyone takes EECS 281 after EECS 280.
Does that are interesting to you?
Goodbye
It  would appear that to continue along the CS path your next classes would be EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
Neat! What may I help you with today?
Of Course, EECS203 is a morning class.
How would you rate the difficulty level of this course? I've heard that most students feel it's slightly difficult.
By any chance, are you going from CSE to CS?
Both are outstanding classes that are reasonable in workload
I know you’d do the same for me. Goodbye Shobhit.
EECS 376 has a relatively small class size with an average of 45 per class and EECS 281 has an average size of about 85
Alright! You came to the right place
Final times will be posted when available.
It is about the general aspects of software systems production, including the structuring, principles, design and information analysis.
The class size is a little bit large
I recommend taking EECS 494 given your interest in game development and your need for an MDE.
I have no idea about those classes
Have a blessed day.
Are there any other areas of computer science that you are interested?
If you took EECS 281 than you sould take EECS 370 and 376 next year.
Have a good one!
For database management systems, I recommend EECS484
EECS 183 in fact has enough hands-programming
Based on your interests, I'd try taking EECS 492 Introduction to AI.
You should consider taking EECS 381 and 482 together
Fantastic, have am awesome remainder of the day!
That's no problem, it sounds good.
This particular course is called Interface Development.
As far as required classes, 376 is one of them.
I wouldn't recommend you take that course. Microprocessor is more helpful.
Together, 203 and 280 generally pair up well
376 is a prerequisite class.
Are you interested in an area of computer science?
What area most interest you?
Which specific track are you interested in regarding computer science?
2.5 is the easiness rating.
9:00 is the starting time.
What do you need help with today?
Hello, how can I assist you today?
What is your preferred class size?
Have a nice day.
Go on.
Class starts at 15:00, and ends at 16:30.
Glad I could help.  Have  a great day!
but it is quite helpful according to the feedback
In that series the next classes you can sign up for in the upcoming semester are EECS 280, EECS 203, and EECS 183
To balance your schedule I would recommend you take EESC376 which has an easier workload and then either of the other two more difficult courses
good day!
Sure, have a nice day!
May I assist further? It was nothing.
This course is offered in the afternoon and has nearly 100 students
could you tell me what career goals you have
You should take EECS 482.
Alright! You've been added to this class
When you register for Wolverine the information will be available to access.
Since you have most of your intellectual breadth dealth with, you should look into 1 or 2 of those technical electives, such as NA 260.
You have taken EECS 281 and you've expressed interest in database, I'd recommend EECS 484.
Hi, I'm Eric
Why don't you take one of the EECS 470, Computer Architecture and EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization FA 2011. These would be beneficial based on your background
I'm here to help, so is there anything you need?
Looking at your previous courses, It's better if you sign up for EECS478.
Hi, what can I help you with today?
yes
Would you have any other classes you would recommend?
These courses normally have class sizes ranging from 80 to 100.
what can I do for you?
Ok! You are in the right place.
They are not difficult for those who want to do computer science.
Then you can sign up for upper level CS classes.
Both 376 and 492 are not as programming based as many other EECS classes so project deadlines should not be an issue
I think EECS376 is the best class to take for you.
There isn't so I would have to say "no".
The only courses you can take this semester are EECS 281, 370, or 376 since you have only taken EECS 280 and 203.
Indeed, EECS 218 adds on to EECS 280
My suggestions would be EECS 281 or EECS 376
Next semester can be a good time
It has an easiness score of 2.17, so it seems to be relatively hard.
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript
From your preferences, I think EECS 281 would be ideal for you.
EECS203 is a fairly easy course with not much workload.
They might be offered in the morning.
Let me contemplate it.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 19:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
I would suggest a Discrete Math course like EECS203.
There are no other mobile courses you can take.
Awesome! No worries, have a nice day Tanvir!
You're welcome. Bye.
Sorry my database is not updated with their schedules yet.
Your welcome, what are the classes you already have taken?
Thanks for contacting me, goodbye!
To fulfill your requirements, I strongly suggest you take the EECS classes.
Absolutely none. But theoretical computer science is still good knowledge to have.
You could also take EECS 281 with either EECS 370 or EECS 376
Does theory based class interests you more or a project based one?
That is correct, 280 is a morning class.
What more may I assist you with?
EECS 484 Database Management System, EECS 481 Software Engineering, and EECS 493 User Interface Development are all classes relating to software dev
Your very welcome!
I will be able to assist you with that.
Yes, what subject(s) are you interested in taking?
for either CE or CS EECS 280 is a good next step.
I would suggest looking into EECS 445, Intro to Machine Learning and EECS 442, Computer Vision. Both course delve into those areas that you mentioned.
What help can I do for you today?
What about the courses Elementary Programming Concepts and Discrete Mathematics?
Hi student
I recommend signing up for Operating Systems and Computer Architecture, EECS courses 482 and 470, respectively.
You should consider taking EECS 381 and 482 together
That's cool. You may take EECS 485 and I will see the workload see if you can handle it.
It does not conflict with your current schedule
You may enroll in take EECS281
Next semester might be a good time to take it.
Thanks for showing up
that is literally insane, taking these three classes together is not my recommendation in any case, and also, you haven't taken any of the prerequisites
EECS370, EECS281 and EECS376.
Okay.  What other questions do you have.
Are difficult classes your preference?
Basic algorithms and data structures, such as recursive and greedy algorithms, are what it will teach.
EECS281 won't be that hard.
What interests you?
I advise EECS 281 or 376, going by what you've previously completed
EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization, EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms, and EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science are the courses you need to take.
Have a lovely day!
It does have a heavy workload and it covers data structures and algorithms.
Hey did you get this message?
I can look into some for you.
Mark W B Brehob teaches this course.
Despite your not completing 3 of the courses required for the major, I see you have senior standing in computer science.
so if you want an easier over all workload I would suggest choosing only one of them
EECS 281 has an average class size of about 80 students which is great if you are looking for an average on 100 students.
Did you seem to like calculus 1 and 2?
ENGR183 is good for you
Can you tell me your major?
This term, unfortunately, it's only on Monday/Wednesday.
In that case my recommendation to you would be to study EECS 373
Great! You do not quite have all of your courses finished.
hi. do you have anything that you want to discuss with?
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
I have heard that if all three are together, it can be a high workload, but also that it can be done.
The workload is moderate for both of these classes.
EECS 442 is a class on computer vision.
there is no problem.goodbye
What topics might you be interested in?
The programming concepts are simple.
Is that what you meant by practical?
You are welcome
Do you have any experience with Artificial Intelligence?
The professor for EECS 376 is not quite as helpful, but not unhelpful. But, EECS 281 sounds like a course you are more interested in, and though it is a bit more tough you would be able to get support and help from the professor.
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately both 280 and 281 can't be taken by you in the same semester.
EECS 370 will be the easier one.
Monday and Wednesday is when their scheduled meet days
You should look at Software Engineering -EECS481
EECS281 EECS 376 and EECS 370 are still available for you to take.
EECS 545 requires EECS281 initially
The clarity score for this course is 3.74, and the easiness score is 3.05.
Thanks, you too. Goodbye.
It looks like since you are a freshman and new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for classes beyond EECS 281.
Based on your previous coursework, you are eligible to enroll in EECS 381
Many people find 370 very interesting because it involves hardware
But I think it's possible to learn a lot if you endeavor well.
Hello student, hope you have a good birthday.
If you take both, you should be fine. 376 is an average difficulty, and 492 is only slightly harder than average difficulty
Which math courses have you taken?
Yeah, Professor Hayes will be teaching 478.
EECS 484 Database management systems or 494 Computer Game Design and Development are some options to sign up for.
Are the CS upper level credits you have enough?
The workload in both are moderate, so taking both together would be okay.
EECS 203 Discrete Math usually has a class size of around 50 students. EECS 280 Programming and Data Structures usually has a class size of around 170 students.
The focus of EECS592 is applications
It is in introductory class, so it is not difficult in terms of material, but it does cover a large number of topics.
If you like web design, you can take 495.
What past courses did you like?
You would be using C/C++ to learn the basics of how computers execute programs and learn about the hardware/software process in 370.
EECS203 and EECS280 should both be taken to major in CS.
Generally students take EECS 281 after EECS 280
What number of EECS courses do you want to enroll in next term?
The workload for that class not yet defined, so I wont be able to tell you. Another class you could take is EECS 482. It has a clarity rating of 4.2/5 and is offered at 4:30 in the afternoon.
Do you want to learn about databases?
Is there some way I can assist you today?
The size of this class is 58
You can now take a lot of upper level classes due to your eligibility.
Some classes are more difficult than others.
Did you want 370 and 485?
Do you have interest in hardware?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately both 280 and 281 can't be taken by you in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 20:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
Would you like information about them?
Are you curious about an area of computer science?
EECS 281 ranks 2.5 out of 4 on the difficulty survey.  It's hard but not overwhelming.
Is there something specific you wish to enroll in, or is there a subject that you are interested in?
What do you want to discuss today?
The morning sessions are EECS 280 and EECS 203 while the evening session is EECS 183.
In my opinion, you should take an easy class with EECS281 as it is a difficult course.
For your workload, do you have a preference?
One must take EECS370 to get a degree in computer science.
What skill do you have with Artificial Intelligence.
Awesome. Most students follow with EECS 280.
Absolutely.
After looking at your answers, I would recommend taking EECS 441 Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs.
Wow! Thats alot of classes to take at once. Have you considered taking an upper level cs class?
You can gain an advantage in your Computer Science studies by taking the Discrete Math course.
hello!
EECS 370 and 484 won't be a problem, but if you've struggled with math or 203, then EECS 376 may be a challenge.
EECS 203 would be another option you could take.
I would suggest taking, based on that, an EECS course.
Starting the projects early and going to office hours helps with EECS courses. I would also suggest talking to other students when you start the class to have other students to work with. You can also look into study groups.
Varasha how are you, great to see you!
Wonderful! It was great talking to you today!
Is this what you are looking for your major/minor?
No... it's AI currently.
Fantastic, Enjoy 373!
If you dont fear difficult courses you can take EECS482.
You're going to still have to take four upper level elective classes.
Since you did not find EECS 203 difficult, EECS 376 will not be too difficult for you.
they can pretty much be any, including some pottery courses or other fun 2 credit courses
I believe EECS 280 would be a great option.
OK, good luck!
I am sorry, I don't know the course distribution that it fulfills.
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science or EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms would great great classes in enroll in next, since they're about Software Infrastructure Applications
Unfortunately hardware class is only offered in the morning session.
No problem!
You're welcome, best wishes!
we are welcome
Don't mention it!
I am capable of helping you with your academic schedule.
It's my pleasure.
Most students enrolled in the EECS program take the following courses: EECS 183, 203 and 280
You don't have your MDE requirement covered. I don't think you can graduate right away.
Intro to computer organization
The easinessRating for EECS 481 is 3.25.
There are a few more prerequisites for the CS major.  EECS 280, 203 and 183 are some, all of which are available next semester.
I will take a look at your prior courses.
It is both useful and a 4 credit course.
We have both object orient programming, and application classes (game and app development) available. Which do you like more?
The course covers some interesting algorithms.
If you want to take a medium-sized course, I suggest you take Software Engineering.
Can i help you with any other questions ?
What sort of topics do you like?
What did you think about EECS203? Was it difficult, did you find it interesting?
Alright. Even though EECS 281 is a 10:30 AM class, it might be a better choice than EECS 376..
What specific courses are on your mind?
As you have already completed calculus III you do not need to take calculus IV unless it you are interested in it. You will need to take 10 credits of upper levels but you should take EECS 281 before you take those. I would recommend taking 281 and some breadth classes next semester
you should select one over the other, perhaps  for now
If I were you, I would take either EECS 482 Intro to Operating Systems, EECS 481 Software Development, or EECS 484 Database Management Systems.
Right, and what are your topics of interest?
What subjects interest you?
Based on your info, I would advise taking EECS 492
Alright. What particular classes do you have questions about?
EECS 475, Introduction to Cryptography is held from 10:30 to noon.
You are behind schedule. You need to take EECS 370 and 376 as soon as possible, since they are pre-req for a lot of upper level EECS classes.
I believe you should then select EECS 441, mobile app development.
Usually people take 203 with 280, or 203 before 280, but it you're taking it after 280, it won't be much of an issue for you.
In addition to upper level CS EECS 485 is also counted as a flexible technical elective.
You must get used to classes with larger class sizes.
You must take an easy non-CS class to balance the workload.
What are your other questions?
Hello! What would you like to discuss today?
Is there anything I can help you with?
Engr101 covers the essential
For computer operating systems, EECS 482 would be a good course for you to consider.
Since you have a very good background in computer science, can I interest you in learning about threading?
Well you still have a few classes required for graduation
You are required to take EECS 281 if you want to be an EECS major
Right now, do any of those three other classes spark your interest?
So we must take EECS 376 and EECS 373.
It looks like you already took Math 216, so I would recommend not repeating
EECS 492 is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, does that interest you?
Ok, what kind of course do you want to take
Hello, nice to make your acquaintance!
I'm well!
if you want to take EECS 281 the following semester, you need them both.
The only difference is that 481 has around 60-70 students, and EECS 492 is a bigger class with around 130 students.
You know, it depends.
EECS281, 376, or 380 would be best based on your history.
Since morning classes interest you, I suggest you to take EECS 281
An AI class exists.
If the class size is smaller than that, would it be alright with you?
Yes! You are planning to take how many courses?
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it I should perfectly manageable
Yes, absolutely.
Can you tell me a bit about your areas of study?
In general, yes you can, but it is not advised.
You took ANTHRARC285 I noticed, which does not seem the same as your other coursework.
If you can wait a moment I will check for you.
It was a really high helpfulness rating, 4.07
Can you tell me why the classes are hard?

C. options-for-correct-answers
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it I should perfectly manageable

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 21:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
Previous students rate EECS as a moderate workload class.   It would be smart to take EECS289 with EECS 203.   Both are prereqs for EECS 281, you will need to take this class to become a CS major.
Are you interested in more information about any of these?
Since you've taken some math classes, is that something you're interested in?
A good recommendation on a course to take next would be EECS 376.
You've already completed EECS 370, 281, and 376
EECS 281 usually has some all nighters and is projects.
Maching Learning
Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
During the next semester, I hope you do well.
Happy to hear that! Have you taken any courses involving hardware?
Can you give me your major again
See you again later.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you prefer classes in the morning or afternoon?
Hey, anything I can do to help you today?
Are you looking for other courses in your major?
You must do EECS 280, 203, and 281. Then you can do 16 flex tech credits and 16 upper level CS credits.
You may also take up one of the math requirements for CSE
Also, the class includes CSS, HTML, Javascript, and AngularJS.
Sorry, but i have no idea what course distribution it fulfills,.
Hello, Tianyi, what can I do for you?
You are looking well! What do you need help with?
Are EECS281 and EECS370 prerequisites for most upper classes?
Would you be fine with a large class?
You've already fulfilled all requirements related to both classes
This course consists of the introduction of data structures and algorithms.
If you are a student, are you one of EECS?
This semester, it is only M/W unfortunately.
Informal retrieval is one of the smaller classes
Hi there, is there anything specific I can help you with?
It runs from 3-5 pm.
CSE and ECE professor rotate who teaches it, so EECS 442 is offered every semester.
What else would you like to know about these or other classes?
Workload is about a 3
Hi! What type of cs classes are you searching for?
It's true. The course EECS280 is a huge class and it is really helpful after graduation if you get a job.
You could also take EECS 281 with either EECS 370 or EECS 376
I recommend taking EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
Is there an area that you are most interested in?
Is majoring in EECS your next step?
Can I answer any more questions today?
You're welcome, have a good day.
I'd suggest EECS 475 over most upper level EECS courses because it has a lighter workload.
Have you looked into the CS major requirements yet?
Good luck with your coursework
It will have the same time as machine learning
Based on your preferences, I suggest you take EECS 478.
203 is a fantastic area of study.
I might want to look into EECS 280 based on that .
I suggest Linear algebra since you can use it in many fields, like computer science and machine learning.
No problem! Wish you the best!
There are factors I have to take into account you know.
While it is only 3 credits and said to be easier, the class size is around 30 students
It is worth 3 credits.
Hi.
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
How many courses are you looking to take?
Which area of Engineering 100 were you in?
How are you, Tanvir?
What topics intrigue you?
Ok, what kind of courses are you interested in?
I'd advise you to take EECS485.
No problem. Have a fine day.
484 seems like it would be a good fit.
I suggest you to sign up for EECS482 and EECS485
Is there anything you need help with today?
Hello, how may I be of assistance?
What about CS do you appreciate?
Generally, I would suggest taking 2 EECS classes every semester.
Then I suggest taking EECS 280 if you would like to improve your programming skills.
280 is all project based and 203 isn't.  In any case, don't let it fool you.  Many students say that 203 is more difficult than 280.
281 is about optimizing code and learning about different algorithms and their complexities
Do you have more questions?
Are you interested in an area of computer science?
Would you be interested in taking EECS 183 combined  with either EECS 203 or 280, or were you thinking of something else?
For information regarding filling a petition go to https://www.cse.umich.edu/eecs/graduate/cse/CSE.Petition.Request.Form.pdf.
EECS 376 is not project based.
For an easy class, you could take Introduction to Cryptography.
There is also EECS545 which is machine learning.
Sorry, I don't have the faintest notion what course distribution it fulfills.
The class is just a recommended prerequisite
The clearest of all the EECS courses you have taken so far will be this one.
Hello Qijun, are you currently a sophomore?
What are you interested in studying about computer science?
That information has not been released yet.
Yes, those courses are available.
No problem.
It is likely you will be asked algorithm questions in your interviews.
Is there anything I can help you with?
My pleasure. Have a wonderful day!
I would be a good idea to take, I think.
next semester you should take only one more course, if you want to take the two courses together
No problem
So, you do have any required classes that you can knock out like EECS 376 or EECS 370. As far as upper levels go, you are free to take almost any upper level you want. Some upper level electives you may be interested are EECS 485 - web development
I can aid you
I think you should take THTREMUS 101 it's intro to acting.
I would suggest taking less credits with EECS 203 because it is a lot of work.
What do you need from me today?
I will suggest that you take EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
Zach, accept my Hello.

C. options-for-correct-answers
280 is all project based and 203 isn't.  In any case, don't let it fool you.  Many students say that 203 is more difficult than 280.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 22:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
If you want coding CS has the most, the general prerequisites are 280 and 203
Are you interested in other classes?
How are you, man?
You've already finished ENGR 151, EECS 203, and EECS 280, along with MATH 116, so your pre-major requirements have been satisfied.
EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms, and EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization are my classes.
You could register for EECS 484 Database management systems or 494 Computer Game Design and Development
If you want something more entertaining, EECS 494 Game development is available.
Based off the courses you have completed, I would suggest for EECS 493 (User Interface Development) and EECS 441 (Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs)
Great! Are you interested in web dev?
OK, so you've taken EECS 203 and ENGR 101.
For upper lever cs classes, i'd recommend taking EECS 281 if you're interested.
As it seems you have taken some hard courses you should be able to take EECS 376 with another upper level CS class.
Let me see.
Many students love EECS 484. It is a moderate work load and an interesting class
What's up?
I would shy away from having an additional hard class.
What did you think about the class size?
It sounds good
Hi!
Hello, how can I be of assistance?
No problem!
the experiments are done in a lab.
Taking into account your past courses, this class seems easier.
I respect your patience.
Is Machine learning something that you would be interested in?
It depends on your speed as a programmer. Most people take 2 EECS classes, but some people take 3 EECS classes if they like getting no sleep.
You should instead choose something you want to do.
What combos are you considering to take up?
Given your background, you should be fine handling these courses
The difficulty rating of EECS 381 is 1.57 with 4 credit and focuses on C/C++ object oriented programming.It is a heavy work load but very rewarding
It is common for people to take both a semester
Take into consideration EECS 481 if you have an interest in MDE next semester.
This class EECS381,is taught very clearly by itsrating.
Whether you're ready to take EECS280 depends on how you did in ENGR101. If the coding went well for you, specifically C++ coding, then EECS280 shouldn't be an issue.
Are you actually interested in Chinese?
you're welcome
Is today going well for you?
Can I know your preferences?
I appreciate the opportunity to advise you. Please don't hesitate to stop back in if I could be of further service.
That information I am afraid I don't have.
The workload for 547 seems to be less than either 441 or 493
Interesting, you've taken EECS477.
Hi there! How are you doing?
EECS 370 paired with EECS 376
The next best class, in my opinion, is EECS492 Intro to AI.
Yes, it would be hard for you to take in one semester.
I highly suggest you take EECS492, Introduction to Machine Learning, if you are interested in AI.
Are there any more questions?
Do you have an interest in taking classes about software?
Oh, you are most welcome
441 is also an easy course.
Indubitably, what topics spark your interest the most?
482 is very heavy workload, i would go for a lighter class with it
That's great! Enjoy the rest of your day
As far as topics, which ones are you interested in?
Yes, EECS 281 expands on EES 280.
You could choose EECS 493
Thats fine. Try talking to the teacher. They will usually try to work with you.
Hardware, software, or general?
Classes eecs595 and eecs591 both are great
I recommend taking EECS 494 given your interest in game development and your need for an MDE.
What did you want to talk about in terms of relevant topics?
Hello boy! What can I do for you?
Great! You do not quite have all of your courses completed.
To us, the information is not available to us.
The workload is too heavy.. You can choose to take two of these courses..
There are not any other computer hardware courses being offered next semester.
I suggest EECS203 because you are a second semester sophomore pursuing Computer Science.
Do well.
EECS281 would be a good option for you to take next semester.
If you want to take an upper level course asap, i suggest EECS 281.
What about physics 240 and 41?
My suggestion is that you finish all your EECS course first.
For the next semester, you could take EECS 281 - Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Sounds good, bye!
Its level of ease is about 3.25.
You are welcome
EECS482 is all about programming
A hard class is EECS 281.  It's a 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey but it's not overwhelming.
484 may also be good to take if you are interested in 482.
I would recommend EECS 484 or 485 if you're interested in databases, and EECS 477 if you enjoy working with algorithms
How may I help you today?
The clarity and easiness ratings for this course are 3.74 and 3.05 respectively.
You haven't taken any seniors design courses? I think you should take one to reach your graduation requirements.
Hi Rui, how are you?
Did you not enjoy that class?
Excellent! What else?
Since you have not yet finished EECS 281, I would recommend taking EECS 281. You may also take EECS 370 and EECS 376
Yes you can proceed.
The course is called Elementary Programming Concepts.
I believe you should take EECS478 or EECS475 since you took other classes that work with them.
There is not, no.
Okay. What would you like to know about this course?
Is EECS 281 needed for upper electives?
The class size for EECS 376 is small, averaging about 45.4.
If you have some basic programming skills, I will suggest you sign up for eecs280.
OK, have a fine day! Bye!
Great according to the policy you are required to take both of the classes.
Hi, what can I help you with today ?
Do you like to do anything specific?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Can I know your preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 23:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
What things interest you?
How about we open up your audit report now?
I didn't mean to do that, I'm sorry.
Is that something you're interested in doing?
Sounds excellent!
The workload is moderately heavy.
Actually EECS203 is a rather small class.
Nice, how can I help you?
In that case I highly suggest EECS 388, EECS 484 and EECS 482.
My records show me that in Fall 2007 you took Chem 130.
Okay, what sort of question about the class do you want to ask?
I recommend taking EECS 203 next semester based on your transcript.
Given your background, it would be fine to take three courses out of these options.
It was my pleasure.
The layered structure of a computer is taught in this course.
You should take EECS203 next (Discrete Math).
In my opinion, I would suggest you to take  EECS478 or EECS475 as per your last courses.
The class about advanced design of logic circuits and so on is EECS 478.
It is great to hear that.
Though it's not as general of a foundation, it would not be too overloading to take in the same semester as 482
Are you interested in Linguistics courses?
Info Retrieval is a tiny class
I am able to help you out with that.
This will discuss concepts of source, channel, rate of transformation of information, etc.
The typical class measure is around 81
Yes it is possible to take some of those classes in the morning but you will now be able to take all of them first thing in the morning
Popular courses are popular for a reason; they can prove to be quite useful.
EECS 183 and EECS 203 is what I recommend taking then.
No problem goodbye!
Introduction to Computer Organization and Introduction to Cryptography, both award you 4 credits.
Hello there. What can I do for you?
However, you do have a choice from 10 or fewer EECS classes.
Or maybe you should consider EECS 376.
If you do consider EECS 478, I would not recommend another hardware-based course
Groovy! Because you liked the size of the class, and the content of EECS 203, I would recommend EECS 376: Foundations of Computer Science.
What else can I do for you?
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.
Did you enjoy EECS 270 and EECS 370?
I think EECS 498, Computer Networks would be a good fit for your interests.
I think you should consider both 484 and 441.
Because it is so much work I would recommend EECS203 instead.
That cool. I think you can take EECS 485, I can try the workload and see if you can handle it.
You can't take other so-called "next-level" EECS courses without 281/370. EECS 270 you can take, however,. I'd also suggest you take Math 215.
For the classes that you want to take, do you have any preferences?
I heard that you are looking for upper level CS courses. Is it true ?
The class includes finite state machines so 370 would prove helpful.
Oh dear, we'll have to figure that out then!
I think these two courses together will be difficult
If you are interested in machine learning, then 545 will be a good choice for you.
the experiments are done in a lab.
Do you find any of those interesting?
Do you need any kind of assistance?
About 170 students
If you fail, you can again take the class
Is there something else I can help you with today?
Sure! Let me think for a moment.
The majority of students will attempt to finish EECS 281 early on so they can take the upper level electives.
The course is difficult, but very useful.
Next semester, what would you like to learn?
It's more standard to add 281 and 370.
Those three classes will be good for next semester.
Which one do you like more, operating system or database management?
Possibly EECS376?
EECS 484 is moderately challenging, while EECS 485 is much more tough.
The database is included in both of them.
For class size, do you have a preference?
There is one course in that area: EECS 485: Web Database and Systems
Fantastic! Have a wonderful day!
It is an advanced cs course.
Are there any questions about this course?
Hi Jack!
Hello!
Are smaller classes your preference?
You may also consider a math minor.
There's probably something we can still work out. Do you prefer theoretical, mathematical, or more practical applications?
Is there anything else I may help you with today?
Can you name any topics that you find an interest in?
Computer organization is taught in EECS 370 and Foundation of computer science is taught in EECS 376.
"You are successesful in 3 computer science classes?"
when you put those classes together the easiness rating comes to 2+
Chill out. It's only two hours long and it starts mid-morning, at 10:00.
EECS381 has been rated to be taught very clearly.
What can I do to assist you?
What other areas of interest are you interested in?
Hello, Stefan.
What interests you?
What did you not like about that class?
Do you have any specific areas in mind?
Certainly. For students that wish to pursue a major in computer science, the standard pair of courses is EECS 280 and EECS 203.
I recommend EECS 470 after everything I've learned.
Hi, what is up?
You're very welcome, have a nice day!
This is the class I would recommend taking if you want to continue pursuing the major.
Some of the material in 370 and 376 can be challenging, so make use of office hours.
This lab course is 4 credit hours, but I am unable to provide a difficulty rating.
Tell me some of the topics you are interested in.
You are welcome.
There is seating for approximately 64 students.
You should take 381. I don't recommend any other EECS classes alongside it.
For this I would drop 492 and take 545

C. options-for-correct-answers
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 24:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
What can I help today?
My recommendation is Physics 240 and an intellectual breadth class of your choosing so that you can continue on track.
What can I do for you, AJ?
My pleasure, good luck!
I'm glad that I helped you!
eecs442 is centerd around comp. vision while eecs 482 is into to operating systems.
Hi ~
If you want to take game design and other computer science courses then Eecs 280 is a pre-requisite.
EECS is the programming and introductory data structure class, dealing with techniques, algorithmic development, and effective programming.
Of course you can complete the major, but unfortunately you will need more enrollment time.
Are there anymore questions you would like answered.
I suggest you take 280given your requirement.
Hi there.
Because this class provides an introduction into the mathematical foundation of computer science, you need to take this class this semester.
EECS584 is a good class if you want a more advanced program for databases.
My Pleasure. Good Bye.
Is EECS 280 Programming and Introductory Data Structure something you want to take?
Another easy course is 441.
EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281 are great courses if you wish to satisfy cs major requirements
Is this what you had in mind for a major/minor?
Hello, how are you doing? How can I help you today?
This course, named Data Structures and Algorithms, covers fundamental data structures and classic algorithms.
My pleasure.
That is a LOT of work. I'd advise taking two of those courses at the most, but if you think you can handle the workload, then go for it.
It will be pretty hard to do a double major with a major as difficult as CSE. If you have confidence in your work ethic, of course it is possible, but I would encourage you to consider signing up for a minor in classics instead of a major.
A 4 credit course on Discrete Mathematics is EECS 203.
EECS 484 is named Database Management Systems.
Its possible that those two classes with your 300 level humanities requirement or STATS250.
Did you make this appointment on your own?
EECS 381 is the hardest class out of the choices.
I recommend that you take that, based on your class sized preference.
Can I help you with something?
What about taking an upper level EECS class? Those can help fulfill some graduation requirements
Are linguistics courses interesting to you?
Going back what do you have to say about 270 and 215?
Since the class involves finite state machines 370 might be helpful.
I think taking EECS 485 might be of interest to you.
If you are new to algorithm, I suggest enrolling in the EECS 281 course first.
If you take EECS 388, EECS 370 can help there.
EECS494, the video game design course, has a good reputation.
Do you want to drop anything else?
You are interested in what kind of topics?
It is easier compared with EECS482 and EECS492.
My pleasure.
Do you need a teacher to push you
I believe you are on the right path Meili.
If you do not want a high workload, I would suggest you not to take all of them together.
It will be useful to you in searching for a future job.
Are there any artificial intelligence classes you have taken before?
Hello! Can I help you with something?
But don't worry you still have plenty of time!
Hi Zach.
Hello
Sounds good to me. Adios!
Hi is there anything I can help you with?
I enjoyed helping you!
It is very difficult.
Have you thought about taking computer science?
We have Programming and Introductory Data Structures, Discrete Math, and Elementary Programming Concepts, respectively.
Hello!
Do you enjoy cryptography?
Great! What is the area that you are interested in?
welcome
You'll have to take EECS 378 as well to graduate.
i recommend you take software engineering (EECS 481)
Once you take EECS 203, you'll be ready to declare a major
Anything else to ask?
A very good course is 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
482 is very tough workload, i would take a light class with it
EECS 376 covers a variety of topics such as finite automata, regular languages, pushdown automata, context-free languages, Turing machines, recursive languages and functions, and computational complexity.
what can i do to help you today?
All these courses, EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281, are great and satisfy cs major requirements
yup! have fun!
Time management is mostly important
hi! What can I do for you?
There are may courses you can take since you are a sophomore.
I can't recommend anything specific however a lighter course or an elective outside of EECS would be a good idea while taking EECS203 and 280.
What's up? Is there something I can do for you?
I'm fine. How may I be of service?
Glad that I could help.
Is this fine?
EECS 281, is already difficult enough, don't add more difficult classes.
In EECS 280 Programming and Data Structures, the classes are usually about 170 students; by comparison, EECS 203 Discrete Math is usually about 50.
EECS 281 for you gets a strong recommendation from me.
I understand that you have finished EECS 492.
They are not very heavy, but there is more programming needed.
It has been a pleasure!
Each of these courses are 3 credits
EECS203 Discrete Math course is a great option for people who are interested in Computation Theory.
It is a prerequisite for a lot of software courses.
Are there any other topics that interest you?
Seeing as the class is not scheduled I have no clue right now.
The difficulty of EECS 281 is usually moderate
What classes do you want?
This course does have a prerequisite.
You are very much welcome, see you later.
Unfortunately, techcomm and EECS 496 will also have to be done by you with your MDE.
In that case I recommend taking EECS 183 and EECS 203.
EECS is a course about programming
Many of the courses are more applied, if you want classes that are more theoretical I would suggest  492, 477, and 482

C. options-for-correct-answers
If you want to take game design and other computer science courses then Eecs 280 is a pre-requisite.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 25:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
Can I help you with anything else?
4 points on the helpfulness rating computer vision has
Have you thought that instead of doing EECS as major, you can do it as minor?
For the winter 2014 term you may take any of EECS376, EECS281, EECS478, EECS475, and EECS370. All of these are available.
I see you have finished a couple of courses in mathematics department in previous semesters.
Good day.
You only need 1 more upper-level and your MDE, if there are CS requirements.
Do you have an interest in gaming?
It sounds to me that you would prefer EECS 441.
Seeing as you have done many of the required courses you may now enroll in more EECS courses.
It will be of use.  I hope so.
What's your interest?
Continue.
Happy Birthday Student
I recommend EECS484, which is database management systems.
EECS 484 consists of about 128 students in each class and EECS 485 has about 129 in each class so they are similar size wise.
Oh, I understand.
In addition, EECS592, Advanced AI, might be a wise choice, based on what you have taken.
Which is the processor architectures class
It looks like you still need to do EECS 376, three more ULCS classes, Stats 250, and an MDE.
How can I help you?
Hey there, I am here.
Intro to Computer Organization is EECS 370
In order to prepare you, as a sophomore for advanced courses, MATH116 is recommended.
Foundations of Computer Science is the name of the class.
Anything for you.
Are you willing to take more then 2 EECS classes? You only need 2 more ULCS credits to graduate.
Are you able to do it?
If you take EECS492 you will get a great introduction of the comprehensive framework for the study of AI.
Hello, what do you need help with?
Please move forward.
Taking a math requirement for CSE might be a good idea.
I'm not sure that I can graduate in 3 years with a double major.
Well let me take a look.
I see you only want 400 level classes so let me see.
EECS 485 sounds like a perfect fit for you.
Are you interested in average difficulty classes?
is there anything else
Because of your background, EECS 477 should be easy.
EECS 280 is more difficult than EECS 203
How's it going?
Sorry, I can only offer course guidance for EECS.
Based on what classes you have previously taken, EECS 376 OR EECS 281 is what I would recommend.
Yes, this is a computer hardware course.
Then I hope you have a hip-hoppiting day.
I’m not quite sure, but you always check the class schedule online.
Yes, I have a copy of your transcript if you need it.
It's probably not wise to take only 2 of the 4.
Judging from your background, you seem able to handle multiple advanced classes simultaneously
Would you want a larger class size for the course?
280 has an easiness rating of 2.59/5 while 203 has an easiness rating of while 203 has an easiness rating of 2.03/5 rating
It might help to take a look at software development, EECS 493.
EECS370 is a class you need to complete for core course
Hello, is there something I can help you with?
That is right  EECS484 Database Management Systems or EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development are both options
Do you need me to help you with anything besides that?
I recommend taking EECS549 Information Retrieval.
You may call me Professor Shen.
EECS 478 concerns advanced design of logic circuits and other things.
Hi, how are you doing?
What courses interest you?
You must first take and complete EECS 370 which is a core requirement
We can probably still think of something. Would you say you are more interested in the theoretical, mathematical side of things, or more into practical application?
Does the idea of taking more EECS classes interest you?
The EECS485 class is quite sizable indeed.
Hey! How can I help you out today?
Yes, EECS441 is Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs, it is one of the harder electives but there is no discussion or lab sections so less of a time commitment. It is only 3 credits, also.
EECS 203 is one of our most challenging courses, it would be ideal to take 376 with classes that are less demanding.
Were you thinking of doing a semester with a heavy workload or a light one?
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.
The workloads would probably be similar
Which topics interest you within the computer science field?
I want you to try 14 - 16 credits, so plan on 3 or 4 classes.
That is correct, 280 is a morning class.
If you are taking EECS 281 that should be one of your heavy workload classes.
Have you previously taken EECS281?
In general, yes you can, but it is not advised.
373 will be meeting at 10:30 to 12 on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Which do you prefer, software or hardware?
Hi, what i do for you?
I actually don't have that info, but I've heard the GSIs are mad helpful
Hi
How can I help you today?
Foundations of Computer Science is the class I was speaking of.
Correct,  you options are  EECS484 Database Management Systems or EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development.
Have you chosen your major yet?
Not a problem, have a great day.
Smaller classes, do you favor?
No, EECS281 must be taken after EECS280.
Given this list of courses, EECS 481 is a piece of cake/.
You can absolutly look at EECS 280.
I think Jia Deng next, and next year Johnson-Roberson.
I'm glad the classes fit what you'd like.
About one hundred.
Discrete mathematics is used in a lot of your other cs classes.
281 is heavy on programming. 376 is more theory based. It will be a good mix.
Yes I have many available recommendations, depending on what you would like to study.
Do you have a preference in class difficulty?
The Algorithims course is course 586.
The EECS 281 begins at 8:00 am.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 26:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
How can I help you today?
I strongly suggest you take EECS470 if you are interested in computer hardware
Very welcome, you are.
Have a pleasant day.
Do you think EECS183 or EECS280 more preferable?
Hello
no problem
Starting the projects early and going to office hours helps with EECS classes. I would also suggest talking to other students when you start the class to have other pupils to work with. You can also look into study groups.
You should take EECS281, data structures and algorithms, given your background.
I would suggest based on your interest to take EECS 482 and also EECS 492 but just not in the same semester
EECS 370 is a good choice.
You have a choice to take either EECS 370 or EECS 376 with EECS 281.
For security, EECS 388: Intro to Computer Security is a 4 credit course about computer security. EECS 482: Operating Systems is a 4 credit course which provides a solid understanding of basic operating systems. EECS 492: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is a 4 credit course on AI.
4 credits is what this class offers
Not exactly. It is not an easy choice because it has similarities to EECS 370.
Glad I could be of service!
Do you want to take a course that is for your major
It definitely didn't happen by accident.
Have I answered all of the inquiries about the material that I've covered?
Let me check for you, one moment.
You will find that courses 370 and 376 have a moderate workload.
Is EECS477 something that you like?
Do you have any questions?
Which topic do you most like?
No, there are not a lot of courses in that category.
It will be heavy
I recommend taking EECS281.
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
give that both classes are moderate workload
If you don't have any programming experience, EECS 183 may be tough.
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science or EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms would great great classes in enroll in next, since they're about Software Infrastructure Applications
You must be a senior standing to register for this course, which you are, so you are fine.
How can I assist you? How is everything going?
You should take Computer Game Design, Development and Design of Microprocessor Based Systems, and Computer Architecture, as those seem to suit you.
I agree, if you want to do an EECS minor or EECS major.
280 is a wonderful class.
The class on on artificial intelligence, EECS 492, is open.
EECS 545 is best suggestion for you.
It's called Foundations of Computer Science.
Yea, that is correct
What's the name of the processor architectures course?
Hello, what questions are there?
You didn't do much calculus but did a bunch of chemistry, right?
So that you can be an EECS major, you will need to take EECS 281
do you expect to take many courses
Sure thing! Just let me know if there's anything else that I can help you with.
With regards to classes 370 and 281 will help you a lot.
I would recommendt taking one course of breadth credit for your next term
You have to take EECS 203 if you want to do computer science major.
Alas, I don't have information about how easy this class is.
In the next semester, I hope you do well.
492 is Intro to Artificial Intelligence and 442 is Computer Vision
These are EECS 373 and 470
Was that it?
EECS 485 will teach you the basics of making web apps with flask and learning web development. It's a great class.
You may not take other "next-level" EECS courses without taking 281/370. Anyways, EECS 270 is available, and I would advice you to take Math 215.
I woudn't recommend either EECS 482 or EECS 381 as none is on your suggested course list.
I recommend you take EECS 203 Discrete Math.
In a semester, how many programming courses would you be willing to take?
You should take the foundation of computer science.
Hi, is there anything I can do for you?
How can I help you?  I am your advisor.
Though I don't have information on the course beginning and end time yet, there are two core classes you can take next semester: EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms, and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
Database management systems, web database and information systems could be mentioned here.
It's rating of easiness is 3.24.
Hello there how can i be helpful to you
The professor for Cryptography is Kevin Fu. He's a great professor with high clarity and helpful rating.
In addition, you meet the prerequisite.
Okay. What are you majoring in?
[No way to reword]
How may I help you today?
Does this class have a corequist course?
Can I help you with something?
Yes, this elementary-level class is easy.
Glad I could help.  Have  a great day!
I hope your semester will be a great one.
I know,  but it does and it is  required for Upper Levels
You need a MDE requirement to graduate.
Would you like to sign up for this course next semester?
What is it about EECS485?
Its possible to take 376 with 381.
You are welcome!
Akash here Hi
have a go at EECS 477 its about core skills in AI
Hi, should we start?
Are there any other preferences on what course you want to take?
If you are interested in computer science, I would choose EECS 481 even though it is a work intensive programming class.
Just 8 more credits until you can graduate.
This is algorithm. It's hard and time-consuming but helpful if you plan to get a job. A lot of the content is associated with programming interviews.
The size of class EECS 481 is 63.71.
Yes!  That is doable if you have a good calculus background
You've completed EECS281 so most upper-level CS classes are available to you. I recommend the following: EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, or EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
Please describe your experience with 270 and 215.
Enjoy the rest of the day!
It is possible that we will update later on.
I suggest you to take EECS 281: Data Structures and Algorithms
You still have to statistics if you want to graduate CSE.
What's your favorite out of system, web, or software development?
370 and 376 have a medium workload
Yes, you have already taken EECS 280.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 27:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
You are a little behind on your major.
I got it. How many credits are required by you for graduation?
I believe with your resume, EECS 494 Game Design and Development would be the best course for you to take.
Seeing as you enjoy web applications you may also like EECS 388 with EECS 485.
What are the math requirements?
For classes, do you prefer earlier or later?
Are you focussing on finishing core requirements?
The class name Introduction to Computer Organization is EECS 370.
In that case I recommend taking EECS 183 and EECS 203.
Today, how can you be helped by me?
I advise against it, because EECS 545 won't fulfill ULCS reqs.
It does not present any conflicts with your current schedule.
How do you feel about EECS, are you interested in it?
Let me think a moment longer.
You will have to take the EECS183 before other options become available to you, my boy.
In computer science, what specific track are you interested in?
Do you want to take more EECS classes?
Rated to be an easy course is EECS485
EECS 442 deals with computer vision.
In what way may I be of assistance to you now?
How can I help you today?
No, that class is as challenging as EECS 370.
Enjoy your day.
Many students take that combination.
It's not really a big one if you compare it to the other EECS class.
"Elementary Programming Concepts" is a fairly easy course.
Based on your background, I'd recommend taking EECS376.
I hope your final semester is great.
The course is at 9-10 am on Monday and Wednesday.
Discrete math is what it's about.
You can see this, right?
EECS 280 is just a 200 level course.
How many classes do you want to take?
I would also suggest taking EECS 549 as this course focuses on information retrieval.
You can take EECS376 and EECS370 also.
It is not big, the class has only 41 students in it.
before you can take EECS 281 need EECS 280
A 2, is the easiness rating of this course.
Welcome
Next semester there are two hardware related computer courses.
Of course!
Would learning more about compilers be interesting to you.
There are likely not classes related to linguistics that you can take right now. After you do EECS 280 and 203, and then later EECS 281, you'll likely have some options.
Will that be all?
eecs203 and eecs280 are the courses I think you should take.
Is there something that I can help you with today?
Intro to Machine Learning and Computer vision might help you combine those two areas.
Anytime! See you later!
If you really feel like working hard but you also want to get a lot of prerequisites out of the way, you could take EECS370, EECS376, and EECS281, but those together make a difficult combination.
My first recommendation will be EECS281 and EECS370 which will unfold a lot of upper level EECS courses.
Hi, What can I help you with?
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.
Hi how can I help?
You should be fine since surveys in the past rated this class with an average easiness rating.
You have to first take EECS 203
Three classes during the last semester may be difficult.
I see that you've already done ENGR 151, so you're off to a good start.
How may I be of assistance?
EECS 370-Computer Organization must be completed first.
Pleased I could take care of it for you.
Well, which classes are you already considering?
Today, how can I help you?
EECS 482 is a recommended class for you, it has helpfulness rating 4.07 and an easiness rating 2.17.
Then I strongly recommend EECS 388, EECS 484 and EECS 482.
What level of workload are you expecting?
For next semester, you can take EECS 381 -- Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Hi participant.
Okay, I know theory is very important for understanding computer science concepts, I would suggest taking EECS 376 as it is focused on the theory.
The course is centered around an understanding of programs and how they run on computers.
Both involve much work.
I am happy to help you!
Entrepreneurs, Software Engineering, and Object Oriented and Advanced Programming are suggested for Mobile App Development are suggested for Mobile App Development.
You should go to their guidance offices=
Alright, We're talking about what classes?
EECS183 is moderately difficult with a score of 3.42/5.
That is Correct
Approximately 64 students can be seated.
EECS 280 is quite like ENGR 101, you'll build on concepts from that class. This class has high clarity and helpfulness ratings, which is wonderful.
By how much
OHH YEAHH! If you have seen westworld, I would recommend that you take EECS 492 to learn about AI
When speaking about Software Development, EECS381
Okay then, next semester you might want to take 370 and 281.
I can't think of many options for EECS classes for the following semester.
I see that ENGR101 is a class you have taken.
I suggest EECS 370
Would you like more of a challenge this semester?
They are not difficult for those who want to do computer science.
Are you interested in the afternoon courses?
We have AI courses depending on what you're looking for.
ok, are you specific with courses you want to take?
Class EECS 478 addresses logic circuit synthesis and optimization.
I highly recommend that freshmen get started early on EECS 280 right after 101!
There are no clashes with your schedule.
No, Georg Essl is the teacher.
Might I help you with anything else today?
Is there one area you have in mind, or do you want to work on getting your major requirements done?
You'll be able to handle it as long as you do regular work.
Would you consider a course in finance more to your liking rather than EECS?
EECS 478 has a difficulty rating of 2.
Your degree requires you take a few additional upper-level eecs courses.

C. options-for-correct-answers
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 28:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
Okay, what sort of question about the class do you want to ask?
I'm so happy to hear that.
Hello, what can I help you with?
Sure thing!
Some classes are more difficult than others.
The class size for EECS 492 is 124, and its easiness rate is 3.08
If you had a problem with EECS 203, I would recommend you take less of a course load with 376.
Most students find it to be fairly easy.
As far as natural language processing, are you interested?
Okay. There might be a better choice than 584 for you.
You have 3 classes left because of your enrollment record.
I'm good and how are you?
EECS376 seems like a good option based on your interests.
You can handle 373 based on the courses you have taken.
EECS 280 is more work than EECS 203.
Students say they spend at least 10 hours every week outside of lecture on this course.
It is dependent on the amount of work you want.
I recommend takings other easy courses along the way. The workload will be heavy if you take these two courses together.
EECS 281, 376 and 370 are all hard.
All these courses, EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281, are great and satisfy cs major requirements
This course is a coders dream.
It is a normal course for the field of computer science
That's great. Have you ever thought about graphics or algorithms?
I hope that you have a good day.
What is your year?
Are you interested in enrolling in any eecs classes next semester?
In regards to EECS courses, these are the only ones left for you to take
The course page is where the syllabus can be found.
Here it focuses on advanced designs of logic circuits
It is all about the many types of new and advanced EECS topics.
I suggest that EECS281
Bye!
Hi, how may I help you ?
EECS183 can be helpful as a class if you want.
The right thing interests Meili.
EECS 370 could be taken before you take more upper level courses.
With regards to help, is there anything I can do to help you?
The joys of senior life
I made a mistake and I'm sorry.
So many parameters, and they have very specific requirements.
I'm very happy that you asked this question! EECS 481 is Software Engineering and EECS 477 is Algorithms.
Do you enjoy Engineering 101?
What am I fascinated with?
EECS 370 and 484 won't be a problem, but if you've struggled with math or 203, then EECS 376 may be a challenge.
Hello, Can you tell me about your course these days?
I suggest you start with the basics because you haven't taken any EECS classes before.
EECS 281 and EECS 203 are best to take as soon as you can, since they're prerequisities for so many other EECS courses.
Does the topic of gaming appears interesting to you?
Although these courses will teach you from the very beginning they will be addition work if you don't have a background in programming.
This class covers ideas of source, channel, rate of transformation of information, etc.
Because of your background, you can take a math course
Everyone I've talked to that has taken it has gained a lot from it, despite the very heavy workload.
Shobit, hello.
Take EECS281 and EECS376.
These classes are your best options, given that you prefer a moderately helpful professor and a small class size.
If software development interests you, then you should take EECS281.
Would you like to study systems, hardware, theory, or software engineering?
Possible the two classes with the 300 level humanities requirement or maybe STATS250.
Do you need any help?
You are very welcome, farewell!
I don't think so, but check with the professor.
I hope your final semester is great.
There is a lot that you can learn from that class I think.
There will be less programming involved and you will complete EECS 281, which is the most crucial of the three classes
What kind of advising can I help you with today?
How can I assist you today?
Is that some that interests you?
Maybe a breadth course?
I'm well, thanks!
I think 492 and 477 would be a good fit.
There are 10 EECS classes you may choose from.
The professor of 376, introduction to computation theory has given a much shorter course description.
It might be easier for you to take EECS 376 with EECS 281 since you seem to really like math classes.
I see that you did 280, so a good next choice would be 281.
A more specific class is EECS 547, which explores electronic commerce.
Are you planning on taking one of those classes next semester?
Hey what's up?
You should take EECS 482 if you are looking for an intro.
I would suggest, as it provides a good foundation for Data Structure taking EECS 280.
Sounds good. Can you tell me your interested topics?
I study it from 1:30pm to 3pm on Mondays and Wednesdays.
EECS370 helps you have the basic understanding of how a computer executes programs.
I highly recommend taking 203 and 280 for upper level CS courses requirements.
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.
CS majors must complete EECS 183, EECS 280, and EECS 281. You should do 281 next since you've completed 183 and 280 already.
How interested are you in Artificial Intelligence?
Have you previously taken EECS281?
Can I help you with any more questions?
This class will teach you about NP-completeness. You are encouraged by me to take it if you wanna learn more.
May I help you with something?
Wonderful. I excel at that.
You're a sophomore and you can take a variety of classes.
ok, have a nice day! bye
Considering other classes that you have completed, such as EECS 281 and EECS 370, EECS 482 is said to be slightly harder among students that have taken it. That being said,it has been noted to be one of the most beneficial upper level courses.
Hello there!
Any other questions?
EECS might be hard, but you can do it!
The class is only 25 students
If you take 280 it may open up plenty of other eecs courses in the future.
He's a pretty good and helpful person

C. options-for-correct-answers
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 29:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
Sorry, I can only give reviews on EECS classes.
Taking into account your selections, I would encourage you to choose EECS280.
Additionally, this course is not too challenging.
Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization is EECS 478.
Funding agency of Computer Science
It's clarity rating is 3.74. and the easiness rating is 3.05.
Yes EECS classes 492 and 485, Introduction to A.I., and Web Database and Info Systems, respectively, are two large class size options for you
You need to take 16 credits from the Upper Level CS courses, and both 484 and 381 count for this requirement.
Both require a great deal of work and effort.
Around 55 are in the class.
Core course is 281 for EECS students
Let me see...
Because it is so much work I would recommend EECS203 instead.
If you're looking for an easier class, I would recommend EECS 373
A great class to take is 373.
Are you going to advance in Computer Science?
Hi ian, let me know your preference specifications
De nada.
Alright, in that case I recommend you take EECS 280
Then I suggest you take EECS 373
If the companies you are interviewing with will be asking about computer architecture or low-level subjects, then you'd be better off taking 370
I wouldn't recommend you take that course. Microprocessor is more helpful.
You could take either EECS 376 or EECS 370.
I wish you well!
I advise you take secs 183 before secs 280.
EECS 481 is different from 492 only because of the size where 481 has 60-70 students and 492 having 130 students.
You can see how EECS203 is, the Discrete Math class.
The larger one is EECS 281.
Also, there really aren't any other hardware courses next semester.
It looks like you still need to take EECS 281. I advise that you take that course next semester.
With that in mind, I suggest you do EECS 281 or 370
Hey that means you should take EECS 481.
You're in the right place, this is the computer hardware course.
It's not required that you take both in the same semester.
Not a problem, have a good day.
No, talk with your professor first and finish up the course requirements.
The less effort EECS class you can select next semester is 183, Elementary Programming Concept.
376 does not seem applicable
How can I help you today?
What pleases you about AI?
The three courses on your list have final projects and discussion sections.
Can you inform me of your preferences?
Hello! How are you?
If you're alright with doing 2 EECS classes at the same time, then you could take 370 with 281.
EECS370 and EECS281 are both good classes.
Either is a large class.
Not a problem! Please tell me if you have any other questions?
Next semester, two EECS courses that might be good are EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts and EECS 280 Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
For someone in your position EECS281 and EECS376 are what you should take.
I see here in your file that you haven't finished 281 or 376 yet.
Do you like math? I see you took a math class.
I am happy to help!
I would suggest taking EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems.
Be aware that your transcripts should open up 281, 379, and 376 classes next.
EECS484 has a big class size.
Good day, is there anything you are curious about?
I can see that EECS489 has a prerequisite. Do you know anything about that?
I  think you should read EECS485 (Web Database and Information Systems).
This course is the Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
EECS 381 and 482 are tough courses.
What are you in to?
Hi, how can I help you?
Do you like EECS484?
Are there any more questions that you have?
Let me think of it.
Ok, you're added
Is there something I can do for you?
For an advanced version of EECS 270, EECS 478 is a great choice as it builds on what you know and adds modeling, scheduling and binding.
yes, you have that, 280 is the pre req
It is another moderate course that I can recommend
What topics interest you?
It sounds like that end project would be successful.
That course deals with Interactive Computer Graphics.
We should go early and pick a good spot to watch.
I am able to assist you
The workload is very heavy, but everybody who's taken it says they've gained a lot from it.
Time management is the most important part
Sounds great! I suggest you take EECS 281, and either EECS 370 or EECS 376 next semester
There are not many EECS classes available for you to take next semester.
This class is a good intro for someone who wants to get into computer science.
Thank you for coming in today
EECS 485 is about web development and information systems.
As something to go with that class I recommend elementary programming concepts since you'll kind of need that to learn how to program.
Nice. Within computer science is there a topic that interests you?
Nice. Have a good day.
You are a freshmen, start with EECS183
Please return if you need any more help.
Can I help you with anything today?
It is a core class. The professor is Igor L Markov.
EECS 281 should be taken in your schedule. so that you can start taking the upper level CS courses
It is time for you to shift to upper-level electives.
Certainly, you are.
The course emphasizes the principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing, mainly in digital logical design.
Is there anything else?  Awesome!
The workload is 2.5. If you were fine with EECS281 then you should be fine with this classes workload.
Which fields or topics interest you?
I can help you.
I would suggest EECS 484. It is a great course that focuses on databases and database management!
Its an intense but easy class.
Do you have another question?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Can you inform me of your preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 30:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
Sadly, it doesn't appear that there are any options next semester in web dev that you can take.
Awesome, good luck!
Hi, nice to meet you
This course also has a light workload and is offered in the late afternoon
Given your interest in web technology and your desire for a lower workload I suggest that you take EECS 484
Fine, how are you?
I am capable of helping you with your academic schedule.
you already took Chem 130 in Fall 2007.
All things considered, there is something called EECS 183 via Elemtary Programming Concepts for your choice.
Yes, but you have not yet fulfilled your basic requirements.
Yes. EECS 280 is taught by David R Chesney who has a clarity rating of 3.96 and seems helpful as well. However, Clayton D Scott teaches EECS 203 and has a clarity rating of 2.96.
Are you interested in completing 281 this semester?
have a nice day sir
Since it's required for those majors, I'd take EECS 280
Check the course page if you are finding the syllabus.
The course number for Intro to Computer Org is EECS 370.
Hey, how may I assist you?
Are you still around?
Good bye and you are very welcome!
My pleasure, bye!
I believe EECS373 would also be in your best interest.
Enjoy the rest of the day.That's Great.
Great, that is.
Hello. Do you want to discuss anything with me?
I hope your class isn't too difficult.
Welcome you are.
the project throughout the semester.
Goodbye.
I still can't take upper level courses?
Were they taken together last semester by you?
Happy Birthday to our Student!
485 is one of the harder elective but it's a good option.
two hundred eighty and one hundred eighty three
Reach out to your IAs and GSIs about other students who are having trouble. Perhaps a group of you could create your own study group external to your project group.
280,203 and 281 are required.  After that you can take 16 credits of upper level cs and 16 flex tech credits.
Could you give me more information on what you're looking for? I see you are a freshman.
welcome
The class estimate is somewhat extensive
Computer Organization ecs370
I don't have any information on class times.
Have any particular courses caught your eye?
Have you left yet?
Enjoy your day!
EECS 281 and EECS 203 are best to take as soon as you can, since they're prerequisities for so many other EECS courses.
I recommend that course
This class is offered in the late afternoon and also has a light workload.
With regards to the course you want to take, are there any other preferences?
What topics are you interested in?
In EECS next semester, the number of classes you are planning to take will be how many?
Hi what can I help you with?
It is a course about basic techniques and algorithms and it is a prerequisite for future CS courses.
The workload is not at all heavy.
You are quite welcome. Bye!
Do you have anything further to add?
it is not a particularly difficult class
You could take some 400 level stats classes if you enjoy statistics. Stats 415 and 470 are said to be easier with a light workload.
I suggest EECS 475 for its lighter workload than most upper level EECS courses.
Can you specify what your interest are within technology?
I would also suggest taking EECS281, which is Data Structures and Algorithms
Not a problem at all.
In past terms, the EECS 482 class has had around 100 students.
You have satisfied the requirement by taking all the appropriate classes, as have all the others.
Students have been successful with some easier courses such as Software Engineering or Web Databases when compared to Machine Learning.
The name is Cafarella, Michael John
What is your interest level in that course?
Was EECS280 to tough of a course?
I would recommend taking a few additional upper-level eecs courses in order to complete your degree requirements.
What sort of lower-level electives do you have an interest in?
EECS588 is an Advanced computer and network security class
EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts might be a good one
Hi Henry. Good! Thanks.
It's Tuesday, Thursday 2-3:30 pm.
goodbye
It's okay! The professor will usually try to work with you to help you do better if you talk with them.
Most students take EECS376 after taking EECS 281 and EECS370
EECS 281 would be a good class for you considering your preferences.
Glad to listen that! So in hardware area have you taken any course?
Hi, I'm doing fine. How about you?
Bye bye, thanks.
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.
Do you like hardware?
Oh yea, take it if you're interested.  I'll see if I can find anything else.
What can I help with today?
Okay, do you have any in mind? Are you struggling with something?
Have you given any thought about what fields you would like to work in?
The Easiness Rating for EECS 492, for Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is 3.08, while the easiness rating for EECS 477, Intro to Algorithms, is 2. Hence EECS 477 would be easier
376 is the only course I can currently recommend for you.
Robotic Dynamics and Kinematics.
The easier of the two is EECS 370.
If you do, I'd suggest you take something that is easier such as EECS 477
I'm sorry. I don't have information available on class times.
Are you interested in programming?
You can take 445 instead, it's easier
Sure, let me consider that for a second.
Can I help you?
I suggest you to drop one from them
As far as natural language processing, are you interested?
However, the hardware class is only offered during the morning session.
Sorry, I can't make that choice.
What do you think about your ability to handle both in the same semester?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 31:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
Great! an AI class called EECS 492 is also offered by us.
Due to prior courses and your current preferences, i recommend that you take EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts.
You would have to take EECS 281 and 2 upper level CS classes
Alright then, have a good day!
If you are in the market for software dev, 481 would be an appropriate decision.
You can take EECS370, EECS376, etc
How is this working for you?
EECS203 would be a good choice for those students who have previously studied Calculus.
The easiness rating for this class is 3.08
Does computer science interests you?
Usually, students take EECS281 after that.
What else are you interested in?
And easy class is Introduction to Cryptography.
Do you have anything specific for interests within technology?
I love this discussion, have a good one.
EECS 203 is much smaller than EECS 280 with 55 versus 170 students.
This is the only mobile course available at this time.
The difficulty is moderate.
Specifically what questions do you have?
Alright, what are the questions that you have?
Let me know how you decided!
Titled is EECS
Let me know what your problem is
Excellent! Thank you for being here!
EECS 281 will give you a lot of opportunities
Anyone have any other questions?
Is there any additional assistance I can provide?
Most students do not consider EECS484 a hard course.
What are you interested in since it will depend on that.
Negative you do not.
Generally, it is not advised, but yes, you can.
This class is a perfect starting point for novice programmers.
Which is your favorite, system, web or software development?
I have verified your completion of ENGR101.
I'd be happy to help.
Hi.  How can I help you?
Which area are you interested in?
In order to graduate you need to take 376
"Elementary Programming Concepts" is a fairly easy course.
Good luck!
Taking both of these classes might prove to be difficult
Then EECS 280 sounds like a good choice
Project deadlines should not be an issue because 376 and 492 are not as programming based as many other EECS classes.
441 is also an easy course.
Greetings, how can I assist you?
442 is Computer Vision and  492 is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
They are both hard classes. You should see if it makes sense to take them next semester.
EECS203 and EECS280 should both be taken to major in CS.
Do you have any particular EECS classes in mind to take?
Don't stress. You have plenty of time left.
In winter 2014, EECS478 (Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization) will be available. Armin Alaghi is the professor. It's going to be a 4 credit course that will be focused on advanced design of logic circuits.
Would courses meeting in the afternoon be okay?
Hello
The smaller the class, the more interaction with the teacher and learning.
I'm so glad you asked! EECS 481 is Software Engineering and EECS 477 is Algorithms.
You should take 281 next semester now that you've taken both prereqs.
Based on your interests, I recommend you taking EECS595 as the graduate level course
If you are interested in algorithms, I would suggest taking that class, but it is always better to take when you have more experience.
What subject would you say you are keen on?
Taking EECS 281 first is important because it's the fundamental course for all computer science courses.
its a very rewarding but tough class.
I would recommend that you take EECS 281 according to your interest and background.
Awesome, may your future be filled with accomplishments
Since you are a senior and have completed eecs 281, Yes.
Depending on your interests, I would advise you to take EECS481 Software Engineering, EECS484 Database Management Systems, and EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems.
Have you ever used AI?
EECS 493 is User Interface Development, EECS 481 is Software Engineering, and EECS 484 is Database Management Systems. These courses are typically considered moderate in workload
Is web development something you are interested in?
Class 370 is about computer and operating system where as class 376 is on computation theory which is the difference between them.
The course number for Intro to Computer Org is EECS 370.
Professor Cafarella teaches the course and it covers many web topics.
Eecs 280 is a prerequisite for most of the computer science classes, which includes game design
It's no trouble!
Can I help you with something?
It is not yet set.
Alright, We're talking about what classes?
Okay,  let me review you're previous courses.
EECS 493 is an option that you could take.
Do you enjoy working with electronics?
There are no other computer hardware courses being offered for the next semester
My schedule isn't listing the times, but there's generally multiple sections.
Do computer science courses interest you?
Our system is on the fritz, but i can say the class is popular so many sections should be available.
Oh, I see.
I would not tell you that it is advisable for most other students
Is there something I can do for you?
Class Overview EECS 470 is an introductory graduate-level course in computer architecture. This course is has two main things: to give you a solid, detailed understanding of how computers are designed and implemented, including the central processor and memory and I/O interfaces; and to make you aware of the numerous tradeoffs in design and implementation, their interaction, their realization in both historical and state-of-the-art systems, and trends that will affect them in future systems.
The classes teach about how the structure of a computer is layered.
Do you have anything else to ask me?
It has had a class size around 80 in the past.
Taking that into consideration, I strongly recommend EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization
Are you planning to take Foundations of Computer Science (EECS376)?
Yes it is an upper level cs course.
If you're looking for a great security class, I recommend EECS 388, introduction to security
Is it possible that you took that many previously?
A good class for Software Engineers is EECS 381 which is an Object Oriented Programming class.
Can you name topics that interest you?
Don't mention it!
You may need to drop other courses and focus on these two
Yes, I would take classes that are not heavy on math or computation, because the two you will be taking will be heavy on both fronts.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 is a prerequisite for most of the computer science classes, which includes game design

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 32:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
I see. You should consider the course EECS 494, computer game design.
Another class I think you would enjoy taking is introduction to cryptography. This class is also meant to be easier, but may be different from any other class you may have taken yet.
Martha Pollack shall be teaching 203 for the next semester.
That's great, do you have any programming experience?
Do you have any specific interests?
Would you choice operating systems or database management?
Hello, what I can do you for?
Does programming interest you?
Would you be satisfied with a small class size?
Do you have one of the three subjects you prefer?
Have a great day!
It starts at 9:00
What do you have to ask me?
Great! Let me think for a while.
And have a good day.
Do you need more recommendations for courses or do you already have a good idea of what you want?
The class size for the class is 129.1.
I hope you do well next semester
Why did you come to advising
How many credits do you want to select for your course?
may i help?
How about trying a graduate level course?
Have a great last semester
There's no overlap, I'm pretty sure.
A CS elective is worth looking into, too.
This course is good for people who like developing software.
What electives are you interested in?
OK. Do you have an idea of what topics in CS you want to learn about that aren't hardware related?
I hear it is very interesting.
What EECS courses did you enjoy the most?
for some application classes like game and app development and object oriented programming.which do you prefer?
Absolutely!
Scope, procedure instantiation, recursion, abstract data types, and parameter passing methods.Program language syntax and static and runtime semantics.Structured data types, pointers, linked data structures, stacks, queues, arrays, records, and trees. Techniques and algorithm development and effective programming, top-down analysis, structured programming, testing, and program correctness.
A lot of students say that the two courses really compliment each other when taken in conjunction.
Are you interested in any other areas of computer science?
let me check, ill look over your transcript.
Don't mention it. Farewell.
Have you thought about a computer science major?
Wishing you the best!
Being that you did some undergraduate research, are you interested in continuing in courses with research components?
For classes, do you prefer earlier or later?
There are many classes available next semester you could take.
Sorry, no, but there is a discussion hour that will help with any doubts you have.
Might I suggest taking EECS 203.
Tell me some of your areas of interest?
Are you trying to found a class that is easier to combine with these?
I need a bit of information from you first.
Then EECS 488 might be more apt
EECS 376 and EECS 281 are courses I would recommend to you.
Your going to be ok.
This course is about theory and application of matrix methods to machine learning, data analysis and signal processing.
Sure.  Any particular subject area you're interested in?
That would be an improvement. If you have any other questions you can come in again.
Are that many taken by you before?
Can I do anything for you?
How may I help you?
OK. Although EECS 281 is in the morning (10:30 am), you might want to take this class instead of EECS 376.
How do you think you did in your 3 computer science classes?
what are you taking next semester?
You are very welcome and good bye!
There aren't really any other hardware courses next semester too.
281 has a heavy workload.
Engr, math, physics, or chem, which one did you like?
Since you have taken engr101, are you interested in exploring computer science courses further?
For next semester, do you want to have MDE?
Of course, I think EECS 373 is a great option. It is about Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
Have a great day.
You could also take EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms next semester.
Other than that, you can elect EECS 376 if you'd like.
My name is Eric.
I understand, and I would like to recommend you take EECS 470.
Hi, how is your course these days?
Do "Computer Game Design and Development", "User Interface Development", "Software Engineering", or "Computer Network Security" sound interesting?
Have a good semester!
Yes, it can be challenging.
A requirement for graduation, are classes EECS 370, EECS 281, and EECS 376.
It is possible to take both EECS280 and EECS203.
It would be the clearest of all the EECS courses you have taken so far.
You are running behind. You should take EECS376 and 370 as soon as you can because they are the pre-req for the upper level EECS courses.
This is exceeding expectations for a freshman.
Introduction to Computer Organization is class EECS 370.
well, this class is hold in 10:30am -12:00pm
What do you say about it?
Hi. How may I assist you today?
You have to take the class XXX before.
It looks like EECS 582 is being offered next semester.
That information should be available on Wolverine access when you decide to register
You should not EECS 545 does not satisfy ULCS requirements.
It depends on the areas you are interested in, but based on your previous courses, EECS481 Software Engineering, EECS484 Database Management Systems, and EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems would be a good fit.
My pleasure
Hi! What brings you here today?
If you only want a single EECS class that is not too hard, take 280.
I am pleased.
TO you, how much important is the workload involved?
Very well then, I hope everything goes good for you.
Ok, I'd recommend you take EECS 484, Database Management Systems, or EECS 485, Web Database and Information Systems.
How hard would be to graduate in 3 years with the double major?
Your schedule will be balanced better if you took stats 250 instead of physics 140.
Is there something I can do to help you?
As a junior, you've taken similar workload classes before

C. options-for-correct-answers
let me check, ill look over your transcript.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 33:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
Hduhaime, cheers!
EECS 484 is the least difficult of the other EECS electives.
How difficult do like your class?
See you later, CHRISTIAN KAVOUR.
Is there one of the three subject areas that interests you more than the others?
EECS 370 is a simple class, and 484 is also doable too, but if you do not enjoy mathematics or had hard times in EECS 203, you may have to put efforts for EECS 376.
That sounds good.
Did you like EECS 370?
Many students have found that class to be transparent.
EECS 280 is programming and introductory data structures. It goes over techniques and algorithm development and programming.
I will check this for you if you give me a few seconds.
It is unfortunately, you have to techcomm and EECS with your MDE
I would recommend that you take EECS 281 according to your interest and background.
Hello, I'm good. You?
You have many options!
EECS 376 covers a variety of topics such as finite automata, regular languages, pushdown automata, context-free languages, Turing machines, recursive languages and functions, and computational complexity.
Do you need to ask another question?
My pleasure
Don't mention it!
EECS545 is something you should take, but the class is in the morning.
i recommend  this one
Hello!
EECS203 is not one of the classes for which I know the schedule.
Fine with that?
You may need to take some EECS courses, you have not taken any yet.
Up to this point what coursed did you like?
I will be able to assist you with that.
There's an EECS 475 course for Introduction to Cryptography.
Can you tell me the things you are interested in?
How useful is the introductory data structure course?
These courses class size range from 80-100.
Take care
EECS 494 Game Development is available for something more fun.
Did you take Calculus courses before?
Many do these simultaneously.
No problem.
Cutting-edge design techniques is what it's all about.
You will need EECS 280 and EECS 203 before you take EECS 281.
Yes, those classes will be fun next semester.
Its usefulness rating is 3.79.
Good morning! How can I help you?
Hi, what can I help you?
EECS 373 maybe isn't appropriate
Is there anything else?
Whereas 281 and 376 are more doable.
I'm doing well!
Does a Computer Science Major interest you?
Hi, how can I help you?
alright, have a good day! good bye!
Each of EECS376, EECS281, EECS478, EECS475, and EECS370 courses are available for the winter 2014 term.
Do you love EECS492 AI?
545 will be a good choice in learning machine.
no sweat!
My suggestion is database management.
What area of study are you most interested in?
Hi there, how are you doing?
The EECS183 class is critical for first year students.
Did this help? Are you feeling good about scheduling classes now?
I would recommend taking them first.
It looks like you have not taken any yet
Is your preference for morning or afternoon classes?
You may want to check out EECS203, Discrete Math course.
I guess you should take that one.
You did excellently in EECS 281, I've noticed.
Ok, is that all?
you can also study 473 as your MDE, If you like it.
Based on your course history, is computer science your preference?
Are large classes something you like?
Are you willing to sign up for any other EECS course?
In software development there are upper level courses available to you.
It's helpful for you to find a job in the future
EECS281 is a prerequisite for operating system.
EECS484 has a big class size.
As far as computer science goes, that class is average
Due to having taken ENGR101, EECS 183 is not required for you.
There may be class sizes of 150 students on the high end.
Is the CS major what you were expecting?
I am Sorry, I'm an advisor for CSE and can make recommendations about EECS classes, as don't have much insight on other department's courses.
When you are a junior, you may consider it.
Do you find yourself wanting hardware or software-related courses?
I happy you asked! EECS 447 is Algorithms and EECS 481 is Software Engineering.
The difficulty is moderate.
If you want to take MDE next semester, consider EECS 481.
Taking the three courses simultaneously would be tons of work.
What field have you found yourself most interested in?
On Tuesdays and Thursdays from 10:30am to 12, there is EECS 45 class.
Even though 485 is a good option, it's one of the more difficult electives.
Good! What can I help you with today?
There are help sessions and usually, the size of the class is 81.4
It's called User Interface Development and Professor Ackerman is the instructor
Do you require additional CS upper level credits?
All right, so I only need 2.
You're welcome!
I recommend EECS 281 because I think you’d like it.
You should take one of the two courses as they have a heavier workload and then EESC376 as it has an easier work course load
Are you thinking about a minor in CS?
Because you haven't taken Linear Algebra which is an advisory prerequisite, I wouldn't recommend taking this course. I suggest MATH 217 first.
Do you like morning classes more than afternoon?
Eecs 281 is also required and you are not allowed to take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
Because it has an easiness of 2, and a class size of 51, I would recommend you take 478.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also required and you are not allowed to take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 34:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
Heya whatcha need?
Do you want to take EECS280?
Taking all three simulataneously would be a heavy workload.
Since you have interest in web applications, taking EECS 388 with EECS 485 might be enjoyed by you.
The most understandable class is 370.
There are several core classes that you must take before you can take any computer hardware classes.
Do you love web or software development?
What's your opinion about computer science?
Do you think that'll work for you?
as the course is project based, Students that take EECS 281 usually pull all nighters
EECS 484 is moderately tough, while EECS 485 is more difficult.
EECS 280 may be too hard for you with your minimal experience in programming.
You're welcome. Do you have any more questions?
Hi, what can I help you with today?
What can I do for you today?
What is your ideal class size?
No, that class is as challenging as EECS 370.
Design of Microprocessor Based Systems might be a course you should consider.
You should not take those three classes together instead try one of the prerequisites.
Have you taken any kind of course already?
Though I don't have any idea on the course start and end time yet, there are two core classes you can take next semester: EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms, and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
If you are interested in computer hardware, I strongly suggest you take EECS470
EECE 373 Design of Microprocessor Based System sounds interesting, doesn't it?
Later, you're welcome
Maybe you can consider EECS575 next, advanced cryptography
EECS 370 is Introduction to Computer Organization.
I would suggest taking EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems.
Hi there, I am your advisor. What can I do for you?
370 is a dependable source of information.
You should take EECS 494 because of your need for an MDE and interest in game development
No, it only has 50 students
376 does not seem applicable
You are welcome!
Great! Talking to you has been nice.
There exists a game design class.
That would be Computer Architecture, it is a step-up from 370.
i saw you also took some math class, do you like math
Will that be all?
They're not planned yet as well.
The EECS281 class is made up of 81 students.
EECS203 doesn't require much of a workload.
Classes in School of Information are nice for fulfilling flex tech credits
May I help you with something?
Lets see if we can find something that works.
Oh cool. Maybe you should consider EECS 492 Artificial Intelligence.
Some include 485, 492 and 494
Taking EECS482 is a class I would recommend.
how are you doing?
Based on your courses it is my opinion that you will not have too much trouble with doing them simultaneously.
Which do you prefer, software or hardware?
Is your interest in Game Design?
Hi.
Do you have any idea how many upper level cs credits are necessary to graduate
EECS 484 is pretty simple, but EECS 485 is a bit easier in terms of workload.
What classes have you taken for EECS?
EECS 381 (Object Oriented and Advanced Programming) is easy, while EECS 494 (Computer Game Design and Development) is moderately hard. But both classes have an extremely heavy work load.
Will you major in CS?
All the required courses and work for your CS degree has been completed
It's a difficult course.
I can recommend another moderate course.
How can I help you?
Wonderful. Have you worked in programming before.
Do you have any questions for me?
I'd suggest taking EECS 280 or EECS 203.  Both of them are med to hard
EECS 482 is pretty tough, but helpful if you take the time to do the work.
EECS545 is an appropriate choice.
In the computer science field what topics do you find interesting?
Does that sound interesting to you?
Which is the processor architectures class
Good. How about you?
You do not possess a great number of choices for EECS classes open to you in the coming semester.
Much appreciated.
If you have a good idea of probability and combinations it should be manageable
Can you tell me a bit about your areas of study?
Excellent. Have an awesome day!
Reluctantly we have not decided a time for the class yet
Yes, the two classes aren't too hard. Relative to 281 they are quite a bit easier
EECS 481 has a class size of 63.7 students on average and EECS 493 has a class size of 94.33 students on average.
I would suggest talking to the general engineering advisor to learn about other courses that you can take so that you can stay a full time student.
Going off that, my suggestions are EECS 281 and EECS 376.
Fine, what computer science classes did you take?
Have you taken this many before?
They all are heavier in workload when compared with the courses you have taken.  A slightly better choice may be EECS481.
Meili, I think you are interested in the right thing.
Good! Is there anything else you need?
Anytime.
484 will be a wise choice
485 might be great, but it is hard.
EECS 485 is a web database class which is not too difficult and interesting.
This class is a 4 credit class
The survey says that the class is very hard.
203 will help you move forward as there are no other classes next semester
Great! There is a class that we have on AI. You could take EECS 492 next semester!
Considering your previous experiences, I recommend EECS484
Yes juniors are allowed to sign up for any class the university does not differentiate by class standing and you also register early so getting that class will be easy!!!!!!
It would be beneficial to take EECS 482.
You will get 4 credits.
I strongly suggest you take EECS 281 and EECS 370.
You need to take 16 credits from the Upper Level CS courses, and both 484 and 381 count for this requirement.
Don't mention it!

C. options-for-correct-answers
If you have a good idea of probability and combinations it should be manageable

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 35:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
I would also recommend EECS 44I see you have already finished an MDE, but if you enjoyed it, EECS 441 may be another good option
I think you should think about EECS 485 and EECS 484.
Can you tell me what class size you prefer?
n/a
Can I do anything else for you?
EECS 280 might be the right course for you to undertake for your next semester.
The selection you seek is based off of what criteria?
In terms of workload, EECS 376 is light, EECS 281 is moderate, and EECS 370 would be the heaviest. But, none of them are too extreme in terms of workload.
Great! No problem. Have a nice day!
But how many EECS classes do you have to select from?
Are you doing well, today?
Everyone has, but I think you have the requirement because of the classes you've already taken.
Does any entry level class work?
EECS 481 is what I suggest
You do need to take EECS 376, it is required.
maybe
Ok.   I recommend taking EECS281 and EECS376 in combination
I am not sure what it fulfills in terms of course distribution. I apologize.
anything else?
In 370, did you find the hardware coverage enjoyable?
On Monday and Wednesday, the course is being held.
In regards to EECS courses, these are the only ones left for you to take
Hi!
You may want to consider EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization, and EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms. They are all core courses.
Would you like help with anything else?
Did you take any other classes that you liked?
If you want to take MDE next semester, consider EECS 481.
Does logic circuit synthesis and optimization interest you?
EECS 370 is of size 92 and EECS 484 is of size 129.1
Are you okay with that?
When it comes to developing mobile apps, how interested are you?
Might I suggest EECS 485 after you finish EECS 481 based on your easiness preferences?
How about class size preference?
The other one, 50, is close to.
I am glad that decision was simple for you.
"Discrete Math" is similar in difficulty although some students say that it is easier
Great!, What questions do you have?
EECS 280 and EECS 203 is a great way to advance in your current program
Awesome! It was great talking to you today!
eecs485 is databases with respect to web apps
How can I be of assistance?
Do you know why, because I see a heavy load next semester.
Can you specify what you're looking for?
microprocesser is more helpful than this course, so I would suggest you take that instead
If you are interested in machine learning EECS 492 will be useful. I also suggest that you take EECS 381 because it will give you a good foundation for other courses at the next level.
Tell me what you are interested in.
I believe that it is, yes.
Considering you have taken EECS 281, I believe you will be able to take on Machine Learning
In that case, take EECS 203, that's all I'm saying.
Is EECS281 a difficult class?
Which is more interesting: hardware or software?
Then EECS 482 is the right course for you!
Most students say "Discrete Math" is easier, however, they are similar in difficulty.
Benjamin Kuipers is the name.
you need to completely EECS 281 and EECS 370 if you wish to take upper level CS courses.
Looking at your background, I recommend taking EECS 492
Does doing that interest you?
i recommend mobile app development for entrepreneurs and principles of real time computing
Sorry, I cannot recommend any other classes right now
If you want to take a challenging computer hardware class, you could take 470 Computer Architecture, which is graduate level.
If there are no more questions then I think we are done here.
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.
This opens course seems like it would be interesting for you.
Thank you for stopping by. Bye!
Do you need any other help?
which one do you prefer between EECS 494 and 493
Yes! This schedule is excellent.
Does that class sound like it would be interesting?
Those grades are meritorious.
Let me know what topics you are interested in.
Is EECS something you are interested in?
What do you need?
provide your name
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prior to most Eecs classes.
Have you ever used linear algebra before?
It's 2.17
You're welcome. Later!
You should take another class since you've taken this one before.
Sure, go ahead.
You go it! you are in this class.
EECS475 Introduction to Cryptography should be a pretty simple class for next semester.
do you need more info on those classes?
Would you rather learn to beef up your coding skill or instead that of machine learning?
Most students are registered for 4 classes per term.
Do you like web or software development?
You only need 8 more breadth credit so acquiring one course out of the way next semester would be a good idea
The size of this class is 58
To finish an MDE you have to have at least four upper electives and sixteen flexible techs.
any other question?
EECS376 will be important for your current major.
A good next step would be 281, which has an easiness rating of 2.53.
My apologies, I am unable to suggest other classes at the moment
Some ULCS electives that might interest you is EECS485, Web Database and Information Systems.
In my opinion, I would suggest to you take EECS 470.
I think that the work load of class 281 and 370 are too high to be taken together.
Is this fine?
Okay, goodbye!
How can I assist you?
Every semester, EECS 442 is offered, and the professors rotate.
How about IT?

C. options-for-correct-answers
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 36:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
EECS484 is my recommendation for someone in your situation.
Anything else?
Sure. What's your major?
Hi! Is there something I can help you with?
I recommend that you take EECS281 Data structures and algorithms.
Can I help you with something regarding the courses?
EECS203 is a relatively easy course.
you will do well since you already take many math class
Yes, you may take EECS 482 next semester.
How can I assist you?
EECS592 is advanced AI so that may be interesting to you
It is my strong suggestion that you take EECS370 and EECS376.
Techniques and algorithm development and effective programming, top-down analysis, structured programming, testing, and program correctness. Program language syntax and static and runtime semantics. Scope, procedure instantiation, recursion, abstract data types, and parameter passing methods. Structured data types, pointers, linked data structures, stacks, queues, arrays, records, and trees.
The course is about circuits.
I am great to hear that.
Yes, you an also try EECS492 which is introduction to Artificial intelligence.
The subject of EECS588 is Advanced computer and network security.
Are your interests more theoretical or application-based?
A class size of around 60 can be considered normal for  senior design course
What exactly are your require preferences?
Yes it is possible to take some of those classes in the morning but you will now be able to take all of them first thing in the morning
Usually people don't enroll in those classes in the same semester.
Fine, have a nice day.
You'll still need to complete 4 upper level elective courses.
Thank you for coming in. If you need help with anything else just let us know.
Teaching EECS 203, and ranking about a medium in helpfulness and clarity, is Martha E Pollack.
How can I assist you today?
hello, how can i help you with?
Sounds great. I am going to my next appointment
Sure! If you're interested in being part of a semester long project where you interact with a real world customer, I suggest Eecs 481
Yeah, it'll be fine to take EECS 482 next semester.
EEC 376 is a class that is terribly run.
You should start with this class since you haven't done any other EECS classes yet.
If I were you, I would take EECS 482.
no, it's average.
Can I help you with anything else today?
ECC 183 is a better description of 101. That would be a better option for you.
No problem, bye.
That might not be quite true, considering that you've completed MATH 425
Before giving you advice, can you provide me with your background?
plus, 280/203 which are the following course you'd take next have a prereq of 183
It won't be a problem.
Yi, what's your problem
Great! Are you interested in exploring elementary CS courses or in advanced course?
It also covers applications and web technology.
I thought you were interested in math classes?
Signing up for all three would be too much work.
Are you a CS major?
When you complete graduate requirements it makes things much easier.
Anyone have any other questions?
You should take an intellectual breath class and one of the required STATS classes in the mornings.
I need some details of what you're looking for in order to narrow down the options available.
I hope your day is pleasant.
I am not sure
I see that EECS489 has a prerequisite, what's your experience with that?
You may need to take a fundamental econ course in advance , according to your background.
What can I assist you with?
Try these courses to get a good start for yourself.
To finish an MDE you have to have at least four upper electives and sixteen flexible techs.
EECS203 is not a difficult course and the workload is light.
What interest you?
You cannot take 281 without taking 203
Would you like information regarding one of them ?
Either eecs183 and eecs203 would be a good choice based on your record.
ENGR 101 and EESC 203 have already been completed since you took them.
It is a three-hour class on every Monday, from 9AM to 12AM.
I disagree. EECS183 introduces beginning computer science students to fundamental programming concepts. Previous programming experience is not required.
Do you have affection for Computer Science?
How can I help you?
How about EECS 485? It's on Web Database and Information Systems
It seems that you've done a good job setting up your freshman courseload. You're well on track for the CSE major so far!
If you're looking for a class on intelligent systems, EECS 492: Introduction to artificial intelligence is a good start.
Hello!
I strongly recommend taking 281 as soon as possible to take Upper Level Computer Science courses early on.
Ok, are there any particular courses you want to take?
*Is
Here are a couple courses you might like: EECS 484, EECS 485, and EECS 481.
what are things that interest you?
No information about workloads EECS485 or EECS484.
Holly Christine Sipek is pretty helpful and clear in teaching EECS 280.
Best wishes!
Prost, hduhaime!
This course has a 2.69 rating for clarity.
If you are interested in web technologies it would be quite applicable.
eecs 481 with professor Chesney as your capstone course in your senior year is a great idea.
I recommend taking EESC376 as the course that is less difficult at the same time as one of the other two harder courses.
EECS 484 is pretty simple, but EECS 485 is a bit easier in terms of workload.
Truly, totally. This would be an ideal time to begin taking CS courses.
You're welcome. Thanks for taking the time to talk.
So, you want a good semester.
486 is well liked and it is not too code-heavy.
Many students prefer to take 280 and 183 while in their second year.
Are you preparing yourself for engineering?
The MDE is typical for a CS student.
No, it only has 50 students
You only need EECS 203 now in order to declare
There is a moderate workload for these classes.
This is oriented progrmming
Next semester, I then would suggest taking EECS281.
The EECS481 Software Engineering, is recommended.

C. options-for-correct-answers
What exactly are your require preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 37:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
Their schedule won't conflict, I'm sure, as many students take them at the same time.
No, there are not many classes in that category.
It's because before taking any other EECS classes, you must first pass EECS 203.
Are you more interested in front-end programming or back-end systems?
Because of your status and previous courses you do not have to take the harder course.
It is slightly more difficult than EECS 281
have a good Monday, thanks for the chat
I recommend EECS477: Introduction to Algorithms.
I would suggest EECS470 based on your background.
I see you are a sophomore.
EECS 482 does have a pretty heavy workload
Most CE upper level electives have EECS 281 as a requirement.
What else can I help you with?
I understand that you have finished EECS 492.
What interests you?
280 and 203 has easiness rating of 2.59 and 2.03 out of 5 respectively
Are you interested in database?
Are you interested in software development too?
They both are fine.
I suggest this
It's common for people to combine it with 370.
Is there anything further that is unclear or needs clarification?
I would also recommend taking EECS 482
This is a pretty safe class and it is only 4 credit hours.
What can I do for you AJ?
What class size do you prefer: low, moderate, or large?
No problem, I hope I answered all of your questions.
The instructor is Seth Pettie.
Do you like gameing?
Yea, Stats 250 is can be taken up in the summer semster.
What are you interested in? High or Low level programming?
You should take one as I suggest.
Not next semester, but EECS 281 must be taken prior to you taking EECS 388 and EECS 485
Why does 381 interest you?
I am able to help you.
There are 58 students enrolled this semester.
In my opinion, it would be wise to pick out a somewhat easy class to take with EECS 281, because 281 has a reputation for being particularly tough.
I'm taking a trade course in circuits.
Are you particularly interested in some area of computer science?
How may I assist?  I checked and you have many courses to select from.
It is also a lab-free, discussion-led, 4 credit course with a prerequisite.
The final class, EECS 203, is what you require to declare your major.
The Easiness Rating is 3.08 for EECS 492 (Introduction t Artificial Intelligence), and 2 for EECS 477 (Intro to Algorithms). Thus EECS 477 is easier.
which class do you want to take, eecs280 or eecs203?
Great, have you taken eecs 280 or eecs 281?
You probably need EECS370 to finish out all your requirements.
For the most productive semester, you should take EECS 281 and EECS 370.
3 or 4 classes is the recommended courseload.
What subjects spark your interest?
There is a discussion section included
Can I help you?
You've taken the four required ULCS courses for your major. All you have to do is take a Capstone class
Greetings.
Are you majoring in CS?
Yea, EECS 203 is the only EECS course that you can take considering with the pre-requisites that you have done right now.
Why don't you try out EECS 484, as it covers database management?
Can you look into picking a CS elective as well?
Please continue.
You should take ENGR183.
I'm doing well. Is there anything I can help with?
You could take EECS 370 before more upper level courses.
Hello, how can I help you Tianyi?
The ratings for class 280 are helpfulness-4.13, clarity-3.96 and difficulty-2.59.
Regarding your interest, it pertains to what topic?
484 is another course that covers software development and computing infrastructure.
What class size would you feel comfortable taking?
What are your interests when it comes to topics or fields?
Anything else?
I would advise you to take EECS 281.
Is there anything I can help you with?
Oh...okay, see you.
Hello. May I help you?
It looks like you still need to finish taking all of your pre-reqs.
The category for EECS 484 is ULCS.
Though it's not as general of a foundation, it would not be too overwhelming to take in the same semester as 482
Have you taken any kind of course already?
370 and 376 have a medium workload
Out of all the four classes EECS 376 is the hardest class you can take
The decision here  depends on how curious you are on AI and Mathematics
What do you need assistance with?
564 is Estimation, Filtering, and Detection.
Yeah, that's okay.
Yi, what do you need?
There are two courses for you to choose from for Fall 2012 based on your background. I suggest you choose one of the following courses: EECS 550 Information Theory and EECS 551: Matrix Methods for Signal Processing, Data Analysis and Machine Learning.
Right now I don't have any information yet about the class start and end times.
What is your specification on the area of machine learning, website development?
You'll learn all about turing machines in this class!
The easiness score for this course is 3.08
No
Designing of Microprocessor Based Systems
Do you also have an interest in software development?
Are you interested in AI-related courses?
Even thought EECS 280 has an easiness rating of 2.59 and EECS 203 has an easiness rating of 2.23, you should take those classes for your ambition.
Unfortunately there are no NLP classes being offered in the 300 or 400 level next semester
I believe that it is, yes.
OK, is that right, you took some basic computer science courses?
Right. what do you want to ask?
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.
I saw you is that correct are an IOE major
If you take both, you should be fine. 376 is an average difficulty, and 492 is only slightly harder than average difficulty

C. options-for-correct-answers
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 38:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
Hi!
Definietly no.
What else would you like to know?
my pleasure
What else can I assist you with?
281 is a requirement although 376 offers less work.
Yes, only those two are possible.  You could take another easy one too, if you can take the heat.
Thanks! Right back at you
May I help you with anything today?
There aren't any classes you could take in Software Development right now.
No problem, it was a pleasure to assist you.
Given your solid background, I would recommend taking 281.
The selection you seek is based off of what criteria?
How can I assist you?
While 281 and 376 are also manageable
Let me think for a third moment.
I suggest "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" and "Discrete Math"
But I think it's possible to learn a lot if you endeavor well.
Stats 503 looks interesting and is a prereq for other stats classes.
You'll enjoy the challenge and content of EECS 281
Varasha how are you, great to see you!
How can I be of help to you?
I would suggest you take EECS 492: Introduction to artificial intelligence, as I think it's a good intelligent system class.
Greetings, what can I do for you tonight?
EECS 281 is like EECS 280, a class that you've already done. And EECS 370 would be like the next level up.
I'll see you later on.
The work load of 281 and 370 is fairly high. I would not suggest taking both together.
No, there are not many classes in that category.
I'm not sure on the flextech requirement, I'd have to get back to you on that.
If it's your plan to take both course, you need to enroll in only one additional course next semester.
He isn't personally known to me.
asdf
The course EECS 370 is designing hadware-software interaction for computer organization.
Join if you don't have programming experience!
If you want a moderately difficult course, I suggest you take Software Engineering.
Do you wanna try graduate level course?
That is the basic Cryptology course.
The classes instruct on the layered structure of computers.
That's great. Have you ever thought about graphics or algorithms?
You are required to complete statistics to graduate cse
Sorry, I'm an advisor for CSE and can make recommendations about EECS classes, as don't have much insight on other department's courses.
Hello! What would you like help with today?
You could take 376 to graduate, or you also have 482, 373, or 485 as options.
We should anticipate that too.
It was not trouble at all. Have a great one.
EECS 481 involves pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, dealing with structuring principles, design methodologies and informal analysis.
Sounds good
EECS 381 is a 4 credit class with a difficulty rating of 1.57. It focuses on C/C++ object oriented programming. It is a heavy work load but very rewarding
Eecs 183, eecs 203, and stats 250 are all classes you can take together next semester.
Would you please tell me what other things interest you?
An option to consider that is more web-based is EECs485.
The difficulty level of these 2 classes is low.
Does doing that interest you?
How curious you are about AI and Mathematics determine what is ultimately decided here.
EECS 376 works well with 281.
Nice! Is web development an interest of yours?
What is your birth name?
Ok, I hope you have a really good semester
At the moment it has approximately 55 students enrolled.
Awesome!!.  If you saw wesstorld, I would suggest taking EECS 492 to learn about AI
Actually I am an engineering advisor.
Questions?
EECS 370 is about Computer Organization and how to design an efficient system of hardware-software interaction
Programming is all about EECS482
Are you trying to have a heavy workload next semester?
In what major are you interested?
After you have fulfilled class requirements and taken the CS classes, explore a different type of class.
I know that you will do satisfactorily.
Tell me how the deciding goes!
All right. Both EECS203, discrete math and EECS280, you have taken, right?
Ok.  Let me see what you have done.
Absolutely, you fulfill the requirements.
This person is rated as being very helpful.
It's possible because they vary in difficulty.
The 1.91 for EECS 376 is not as easy as the rating says.
build almost any micro-processor You work in a based project that you'd like
Since EECS 376 is a requirement, take it and if workload permits, take another EECS course.
I would recommend a physics class as any 300 level one would fulfill your technical requirement that you need for CE.
Hi Mara! How are you doing today?
EECS 281 is a highly engaging course. Everyone should take it.
Everyone has, but I think you have the requirement because of the classes you've already taken.
Greetings.
Every semester EECS 442 is offered and professors in CSE and ECE rotate teaching it each semester.
I do not believe like some that choosing easiest course is truly the wisest.
Introduction to Cryptography is the title of EECS 475.
One of your heavy workload classes should be EECD 281.
281 is the core course for EECS students.
Theory of Neural Computation, EECS 643 is a course available
Do you have real-life experience in programming?
Usually EECS 281 is combined with EECS 370 or EECS 376 by them.
It starts at 9:00
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.
Though I would suggest that if you only want to take one EECS course that isn't too difficult, 280 would be the one to sign up for.
Is there something I can help you with?
Do you prefer difficult classes, or easy classes?
I recommend 583 if you feel like learning compiler.
Hello, is there anything I can do for you?
Then I highly suggest EECS 388, EECS 484 and EECS 482.
Do you think game design classes would be of interest to you?
Hello there Zizhen!

C. options-for-correct-answers
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 39:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
Sorry, the software development courses listed, are the only courses available.
Because or your captivation with operating systems I think you'll like EECS 482
Can this be found in the afternoon?
In your sophomore year, you should take EECS 281.
What is your tittle preferenc?
Glad I could help you. Don't hesitate to come again if you need more help.
Hi, how are you today?
First of all, if you are into AI you should take Professor Durfee's 492 or Intro to AI.
I would recommend talking to the general engineering advisor to learn about other courses that you can take so that you can stay a full time student.
Given your background, this course may prove to be difficult.
What's the processor architectures class called?
The class runs from 1:30 p.m. to 3:00 p.m., Mondays and Wednesdays.
Does data system hold any interest for you?
Both have an average workload.
Problem does not exist
There's an estimated amount of 120 students.
Anything else I can help you with?
Have you taken any courses in computer science?
yeah, he's somewhat good.
If 482 is interesting to you, you may also want to take 484.
So based on the info that you provided, I think you should take that one.
Unless you have another question, we are done here.
A good class for Software Engineers is EECS 381 which is an Object Oriented Programming class.
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.
EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts might be a good course.
EECS376 is taken by most student after they have taken EECS 281 and EECS370
This is an introductory course to math foundations of computer science.
Good morning
This course has a discussion session. It is worth 4 credit. The last class was worth 3 credit.
Hello, I have returned!
this step is data structures.
It is required that you take EECS203 and EECS280 for a CS major.
It appears that you find Latin interesting. Are there non-computing classes you'd like to take at Michigan?
You will be able to register for them when the course registration opens at the usual time.
These are among the many choices available for you.
In EECS 280 Programming and Data Structures, the classes are usually about 170 students; by comparison, EECS 203 Discrete Math is usually about 50.
Every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday the lectures are held at 10 am.
Can this be better explained?
To lighten your workload, save the electives for your senior year, and take only EECS 370 next semester.
If computer hardware interests you, I would recommend taking EECS470.
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript
Okay, tell me which field holds the most interest for you.
If AI interests you, I recommend taking Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, EECS492.
I think EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems is a good course to take.
Course 203 is terrific.
If you get 8 more credits, you will be able to graduate.
my apologies. I don't know what class times are available.
what topic are you interested in?
Can I answer any other questions for you today?
Awesome! Appreciate you coming!
It appears that you did not take ML course.
The course start time is 15:00 and the course will end at 16:30
As something to go with that class I recommend elementary programming concepts since you'll kind of need that to learn how to program.
Will you like to know who is the teacher for the course?
Hello, how may I be of assistance?
More courses will be available when both are taken earlier.
That's correct, and you'd need to take 3, 4-credit courses.
However, I think you will learn a lot if you work hard.
from what i have heard
Can I be of assistance to you?
what would you  like to Study
I hope that you have a good day.
Are you looking to take more EECS classes?
Some said hello to Paul.
If you really liked 281 and want more of a challenge, I'd suggest EECS 381.
Sounds alright to me, any other questions you have in mind?
Do you prefer classes that are more structured or driven by yourself?
There are no music classes available, but what are you more interested in, programming computer science or math/theory?
The courses that can be taken in the Fall are eecs 370, eecs 376, and eecs 281.
you feel successful in 3 computer science classes?
What are the different EECS courses you would take this semester?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
I'd suggest taking 281 with it now, because you'd want that out of the way to take other courses.
You have already taken these two classes that is good.
Is it your plan to take  3 other non EECS classes along with EECS 370 and a ULCS course?
Hello. What is your name?
What topics are you interested in?
This one is much easier.
EECS484 is my recommendation for someone in your situation.
Sounds great! I suggest you take EECS 281, and either EECS 370 or EECS 376 next semester
EECS 370 is a 4 credit course which is highly recommeded by me to be taken for those taking EECS 281.
i saw you also took some math class, do you enjoy math
How big a class do you prefer?
Discrete Math has one course that I think would be great for you.
Goodbye!
These would be the only two engineering classes the count towards a CS major.
445 is a simpler replacement.
I hope your day is pleasant.
Why don't you try taking EECS 484? It involves database management.
"Discrete Math" and "programming and Introductory Data" is also classes I would suggest.
You need to take about 54 more credits to graduate
Have a nice day!
Do you want a heavy or light workload next semester?
It is necessary to take EECS 203 if you want to pursue a computer science major.
Good, any additional questions?
data structure and algorithms is something i would recommend to you because of your background and interest.
Yes, EECS281 is correct.
The rating is 1.91 for difficulty
Of course
You can now take a lot of upper level classes.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 40:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
I would think twice before having another difficult course.
I would take the EECS281 class its Easiness rating is 2.53.
99.6 is the EECS482 class size.
I suggest taking EECS 183 first, as it will build  up your ability of writing programs.
Skills and concepts of programming at a fundamental level in a high-level language.
Sorry it's 183 with Professor Dorf.
Your background may make these courses more difficult
Yes! Ask me anything!
Is completing core requirements your focus?
If you're confident in your Stats or Math background, then you could
What interests you the most?
EECS 485 web database is an appealing class and not too hard.
What are some of your interests?
Hello. How can I help you today?
It's additionally about calculation.
These are EECS 373 and 470
Do you have any specific interests?
Among your coursework I notice ANTHRARC285 is very different than the other courses you completed.
Good morning!
Great, it sounds like that will work for you
While this course isn't anymore difficult than others, it does require more work than other courses.
Thanks, have a great day!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
It looks like you need to do your pre-reqs first
130 students are going to be in the class.
What kind of the topics do you like?
You are very welcome. I hope you have a great day.
They are not the most difficult, but do require you to do lots of programming.
Is software creation your main area of intrigue?
Thanks! See you later.
It seats around 64 students
Hi Yize!
Now, let's see here...
1. Greetings student.
That's fantastic. Enjoy your semester!
That is a demanding class
No problem.
That's fine!!
Hey Max, Can I help you with anything?
Is Computer Science to your liking?
It looks like you are still missing a lot of the basic course requirements.
Jai Deng may be next and Johnson-Roberson next year.
Yes only those two are manageable. You could take another light class too, if a somewhat havier semester can be managed by you
Four upper level cs plus one capestone course sums up what you need to graduate
What areas would you like to work on?
Look to EECS 493 if you want to focus on front end stuff, or EECS 482 if you want more focus on backend operations.
Are there any courses in particular that you're thinking of already?
I recommend 376,370,281 or 478 to complete your degree asap.
What is the area that you want advice about?
And this is your second year right?
The course for Intro to Computer Organization is EECS370.
I actually don't have that info, but I've heard the GSIs are mad helpful
Based on your answers, I would recommend taking EECS 441 Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs.
Permit me to research your previous courses.
Do you have any other questions, or are we all done now?
Yes it is. EECS 203 is required for several upper level CS courses.
Hey, no worries, have a good one!
Would you have any other classes you would recommend?
Do you have a preference for small classes over large ones?
What courses are you interested in?
For these classes, the timing information has not yet been determined.
Has everything been completed?
I feel that the best course for you would be EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts
Lots of people prefer 494.
Generally students say 441 is not a very heavy class. Otherwise, I would suggest a non-cs class. you may want to fulfill some humanities/ss requirements.
no problem
What sort of classes interests you?
It's a light work load
EECS 484 requires less work than most other EECS electives.
Most students do not find EECS484 to be difficult
Hi AJ, what would you like to talk about today?
482 is very heavy workload, i would take a light class with it
I would advise taking eec477 if that’s your field of interest
Based on your background, I would recommend taking EECS 470.
You're allowed 18 credits.
Do you have any questions for me?
Course 281 covers basic data structures, which is essential if you're looking to major in Computer Science.
That’s something I enjoy
I recommend finishing EECS 203 quickly in order to declare the CS major.
I do not know.
however to catch up, you could take summer courses
When you complete graduate requirements it makes things much easier.
Should be in a good spot.
EECS484 is also rated to be fairly easy.
Since you're a sophomore, you do have some time. If you desire to go the 270 route, you could take 376 and 270 first.
Hi! What can we do for you in advising today?
It's more of an ideas type class.
Another possibility is 478 (Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization),
But you are a sophomore and should take both in order to take EECS 281 as soon as possible.
Computer Science should not be hard if you want to do it.
The title is EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor Based Systems
EECS 484 Database Management System, EECS 481 Software Engineering, and EECS 493 User Interface Development are all courses relating to software development
well, it's a good introduction to Computer Hardware.
What is the most comfortable class size for you?
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.
Sure, is there anything you need?
It is oriented programming
Is gaming something that interests you?
What are you interested in?
However you can also look at 470.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 41:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
Since you are second semester sophomore pursuing Computer Science, I would reccomend  EECS 203.
How much do you like Artificial Intelligence?
Though  linear algebra isn't an enforced prerequisite, we strongly recommend either MATH 214 or 217 so that you'll have some knowledge in this area of mathematics.
EECS 370-Computer Organization must be completed first.
Sure, what topics are you interested in?
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it should be perfectly manageable.
I will recommend taking as many of the requirements as possible this semester, but you might not be able to finish by the end of the year.
You can take both EECS 281 and 475 together.
Is  281 challenging?
What kind of topics do you like?
The professor for EECS 376 is not quite as helpful, but not unhelpful. But, EECS 281 sounds like a course you are more interested in, and though it is a bit more tough you would be able to get support and help from the professor.
You can do it.
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.
That's good.
If you were to take 280 prior to 203 it might be more difficult because 203 provides information that will help you better understand the material in 280.
Ok good, what classes are you looking at?
Based on your interest, I recommend you to consider about EECS586, Design and Analysis of Algorithms.
45 students are offered it from 1:30 to 3 pm
494 will take about 12 hours per week and 376 will take about 5 hours per week.
Do you know why, because I see a heavy load next semester.
Was EECS 270 enjoyable?
Having looked at your transcript, you should take a math class instead of another philosophy class.
All right, and are you trying to find a senior design course? Or an upper level elective.
Hi! How can I help you?
Another good choice is EECS 492.
Apologies
Are there any other preferences you have?
DISCRETE math should be a good fit for you.yes EECS203
I would say this class is 2.23 in easiness.
Welcome !  How may I assist you ?
My schedule shows that I have an advising appointment booked right now.
Let us prepare for all that as well.
I suggest sophomores take EECS281 to get this experience early.
Both are excellent classes and are reasonable in worload
Basic building blocks make up Computer Science.
eecs 203 really needed by you.
What are your preferences?
EECS183 has around 100-150 students in it, where EECS 280 has about 150-200.
Is hardware related something you like?
In addition, you meet the prerequisite.
It has come to my attention that you have already taken some courses in database applications.  If you enjoy practical software development courses, There is a
Maybe you should consider summer courses.
Are harder classes your preference?
EECS 183 requires more programming experience otherwise it will be a more difficult for you.
You can take software engineering (EECS 481)
Hello!
It's called "Discrete Math".
Engr101 covers the essential
How can I assist you?
cheers, and you also
Jai Deng may be next and Johnson-Roberson next year.
Your Welcome!
There are 120 students in the class.
EECS 280 and EECS 203 would be the next step for going after a major in CS.
Very much so, You meet all the minimum criteria.
That's great! Does database interest you? I recommend you to take EECS 484 as one of the courses for next semester?
Most people generally take both a semester
I would recommend taking EECS 280, because it is a required class for all those majors.
Let me know if I can help you with anything else.
As some fairly software oriented classes are taken by you, this can't be said that it is code-heavy.
Alright, any other questions?
I am sure you will be fine.
How are you this evening
The moderately helpful professor is Strauss.
However you can also look at 470.
A major in EECS requires EECS 281.
Hello student, hope you have a good birthday.
If you want to complete your major in CS, you will need to take EECS 280 and EECS 203 before declaring the major.
For your needs, I think 203 is best.
You can take many courses next.
take it easy, and I'll see you around
That choice sounds great!
which year are you in school Qijun?
It seems like you still need to do EECS 281. I'd suggest taking that next semester.
prof is always upper levels
Hi, how are you?
You should drop something else if you want to take 549
You're welcome. Farewell.
You could take EECS 586 next semester. This course is offered in the afternoon at 12 PM. It does not have a clarity rating, but it is about algorithms.
Hello, how can I assist you?
These are the two major requirement for eecs major, you have to finish these two class to declare major
What else can I assist you with?
The prereq for 467, which is 281 has already been done by you.
How may I assist you today?
What classes interest you?
It is more simpler then EECS 280.
So what areas are you interested in? Hardware or software?
Do you want to take another term?
What about EECS 485 - Web Database and Information Systems?
What would you like to study?
There's a course called Theory of Neural Computation, or EECS643 that we offer.
EECS 281 is bigger, 81.4
Yes, 373 is a good idea.
You need a technical elective for a CE. You should take any 300 level physics class it should work with your schedule and fulfill your technical requirement.
You're so welcome.
Thanks for your input. Give me a moment to consider your alternatives.
Yes EECS classes 492 and 485, Introduction to A.I., and Web Database and Info Systems, respectively, are two large class size options for you
CS major has Discrete Math as a pre-requirement
What can I help you with today?
The core courses EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization and EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms would be good to take at the same time.

C. options-for-correct-answers
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 42:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
You took Math216 already, so I would recommend against taking it again
281 is it for eecs 281
I am your advisor, hello and how can I help you
The topic concerns nonnumeric problems and their algorithms.
You still need to take EECS 370 because it is a required course.
you're welcome, have a good day!
Alright. Let's view your audit report.
I wish you enjoy those classes!
You must take EECS 203 before EECS 281.
I read your transcript and saw that you have taken the course EECS484
Next semester both EECS 442 and 492 are being offered, which are in the intelligent systems area.
What do you need assistance with?
It looks like you have already taken ENGR 151, so you got that in your favor.
Based off your past courses, this class seems easier
Great! I will be happy to assist you.
EECS 280 is a 200 level course
EECS 280 and EECS 203 have morning sessions. EECS 183 has an evening session.
Think about taking EECS 280 next time.
Was that class a good one?
What can I advise you on today?
Is EECS280 or EECS183 preferred?
And thank you to you to.
Operating systems are simple so most students 482 is the easiest .
It's not a problem. Best of luck!
The advising door is always open for you, and you are more than welcome.
Awesome! What else can I help you with?
It's important that you are aware you'll need both EECS183 and EECS203 for the CS program.
As far as class size, it's about 130 students per term.
Compared to other courses that you have taken, such as EECS 281 and EECS 370, EECS 482 is said to be slightly harder among students that have taken it. That being said,it has been noted to be one of the most beneficial high level classes.
Okay. I would recommend EECS 481.
fOR cs STUDENTS, IT IS A TYPICAL DAY.
Discrete Math isn't classified as a math course because of how it is integrated with other EECS course. It is a course on logic, graphs, and algorithms.
How can I help you today my son?
What are you looking to accomplish during your advising appointment?
Your courses thus far have had a heavy workload.EE481 might be a better, easier choice.
EECS183 topics include fundamental concepts of programming, C++ and Python.
Did you already have a CS course?
You can take 484 if you want since you've taken EECS281 already.
Cool, have you completed eecs 280 or eecs 281?
What can I do for you?
The class can be taken at the same time as 370.
How can I be of service?
ENGR101 is followed by EECS280 in the Computer Science Engineering track.
Beyond Hardware, are there any other possibilities?
EECS 370 teaches hardware architecture and design.
The morning sessions has EECS 280 and EECS 203. The evening session is EECS 183.
I think that EECS 370 is more applicable than EECS 376.
any other question?
You can go on
I've noticed you took the EECS 477 course.
Do you like to take easy or difficult classes?
Could I assist you with any further questions?
Are there any artificial intelligence classes you have taken before?
Good, have a great day!
The professor in the course EECS 376 doesn't help as much as one would like, but the EECS 281 professor is helpful and supportive, but the course is more difficult
Are harder classes your preference?
You can try EECS 478 for hardware.
Can I help you answer anymore questions?
EECS 281 is a more difficult compared to EECS 376. However, the professor for EECS 281 is very supportive and helpful.
Welcome welcome! How can I help you today?
The algorithm also plays a role.
My mistake; it does in fact have a prerequisite.
Have you considered Design of Microprocessor Based Systems?
If you were to take 280 before 203 it might be more difficult because 203 provides information that will help you better understand the material in 280.
What do you need to be assisted with?
We have two courses; one in software developement, and the other on infrastructure.
Ok, so I suggest you to take EECS 203 next.
I can't wait until we meet again!
Unless you have extra space in your schedule, I would recommend sticking to 484. If you need another course, you may want to consider taking EECS 381.
It goes form 3 to 5 in the afternoon.
Have a great day!
Thank you, you too!
Yes, You want to talk about what classes?
Jia Deng will come next I think but next year Johnson-Roberson.
You as well. Catch you later.
Hey! Is there anything I can help you with?
Also, I think you would enjoy doing introduction to cryptography. It's intentionally easier, but might be different than your past classes.
Let me check on that
Do you think you would like computer science or electrical engineering best?
In that situation I recommend checking out EECS 485 or EECS 493
This would be a good course if you liked 492
Nearly all people take EECS 281 after EECS 280.
Usually people take 203 with 280, or 203 before 280, but it you're taking it after 280, it won't be much of an issue for you.
482 can be very demanding and can create a very busy semester when combined with other EECS classes. However, more students find that it can be taken with humanities class with no problems.
EECS 280 is known to be a tough class
Hey, how are you?
Can I help you with anything else?
Of course, please take a seat.
Level 2 is the easiest.
How difficult do you prefer the class?
yeah, totally.
You could register for EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization, which is not too difficult and has a average workload.
With EECS 281, you can take EECS 370 or EECS 375.
How can I help you with your classes today?
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
EECS 281 has an average class size of about 80 students which is great if you are looking for an average on 100 students.
I think most of your classes will have more students than you have seen in the past.
Yes, I would advise courses that are not very math or computation intensive because these two courses will be heavy on both.
The two courses may be taken in separate semesters.
I see you have taken MATH 214 and 216, given your background, this course should not be too difficult for you

C. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 43:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
Basic programming techniques and algorithms are what it's about.
Introductory Data Structures and Programming is EECS280.
Given the fact that you've taken EECS281, you can take 484 if you want.
280, 281, and 203 still need to be taken. After you take those,  you can take 16 upper level CS credits and 16 of the flex tech credits.
Why did you come here today?
Because of your stellar grades, you should be able to do this easily.
What are the types of courses that you are interested in taking?
How can I help you today?
Given that you have just done ENGR 101, the next courses you should take are EECS 280 and EECS 203
How do you feel about the class now that you have taken it?
You will accrue 4 credits from this class.
I would advise taking EECS 370
Best of luck for your study
If you're interested in statistics, I recommend Stats 415 and 470. They both have a light workload.
Also, at this moment I don't have information on what time the classes are offered. Sorry about that.
EECS 496 is the ethics class you speak of
Can I help you with anything else?
Taking these together will be a heavy workload. I suggest taking other easy courses along the way.
This decision just depends on your level of curiosity about AI and Mathematics.
When is the correct time to complete the core requirements for your degree?
Employers in CS typically go for the courses that challenge the mind, body, and spirit.
I think you should take 280 and 203. Once you get through each of these classes, you'll have a greater amount of EECS courses available to take in the following semester.
Sadly that is information I do not have
The basics are the recommended place to start if you have not taken any EECS classes before.
Are there any remaining questions?
What can I do for you?
Alright,well I see you've already choosen Engineering 100.
That is true. I would stay with EECS 280 and EECS 203 for the coming semester then.
Is your time managed well? You should take 370 and 376 if you are fine with the workload.
Can you inform me of your preferences?
See you later!
EECS 445 on Machine learning may apply, otherwise, other classes related to AI are open.
Extreme Weather is a pretty cool one if you're looking for something other than EECS.
But you could take 376 next semester, which is another required class that wouldn't be too difficult to take along with 478
There aren't any suggested courses for you with web applications in the Web technology and Applications area, but there are courses in the Software Development area that would help you with web apps.
Would you like to register for EECS 183?
The introductory level courses, EECS 183 and EECS 280, don't have too bad of a workload. However EECS 370, EECS 376 and EECS 485 have a higher workload because they are upper level courses.
hello, how can I be helpful to you today?
376 is rated as being more difficult than 370, so taking 370 with 281 would be a better option.
A breadth course is either a humanities course or other general credits that will not give you BS credits.
EECS 183 is a more detailed course of 101. That would fit your needs more.
Same to you. Goodbye.
Junior or senior year are when I would suggest you take language courses, if you are still interested.
I would suggest you to take EECS 183 in that case?
Qijun, any problems in selecting courses?
How can I assist you today?
In that case, what would interest you?
Until next time, Christian Kavour
Hi, it is good meeting with you.
Today, I am very glad to be able to help you.
Hi! What brings you to my office?
Yes, Robert Dick is a really clear and well-spoken professor.
You can retake the course
Does EECS intrigue you?
Is there any other questions i can help with?
You're very welcome. Hope you do well in the classes!
How can I help you?
Okay that sounds good. What area interests you the most in Computer Science?
No, the workload is standard.
What is that I can help you with?
That is a class on Data Structures and Algorithms
Is this a good fit for you?
Stefen may you have a good evening.
My pleasure. Have a wonderful day!
Definitely, yes.
some of the options are computational theory,database management,artificial intelligence,circuit synthesis,computer vision and cryptography
Several other options for Upper Level CS electives would be EECS445, Introduction to Machine Learning or EECS492, Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
maybe you want to give at least 10 hours each week for eecs280
Have you had a CS course?
If you want to learn about specific algorithms, take EECS281; if you want to learn about optimization, take EECS477.
Please give me more information about your plan.
3.25 is the easiness rating for this class.
Yes, you can both take it and graduate in the summer.
I am unsure because the difficulty rating for number four hundred eighty-three is not currently available.
Based on your preference of clarity, I recommend EECS 481.
It is a harder class, however since you are only a junior and have finished all your requirement you can take it with a lighter course load
Sorry about that.
Courses in artificial intelligence are somewhat related to courses in computer games.
It covers the principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing, particularly for digital logical design.
Since you've completed EECS 183 and EECS 280, your next one should be EECS 281. All three are required for CS majors.
Ok great, bye!
376 has an easiness score of 1.91 making it harder than 370 which is at 3.24.
EECS 370 is another course you may be interested in.
Scientist Reetuparna Das
Skills and concepts of programming at a fundamental level in a high-level language.
Computer science includes a lot of basic building blocks.
You might want to look into taking EECS 281.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
Hi, is there anything i can do for you?
It appears you're at the point of doing upper-level electives.
hello
That is wonderful! Have a great rest of your day.
To graduate in 3 years it's advised to take a single major.
No problem!
There are several different options available to you, including computational theory, database management, artificial intelligence, circuit synthesis, computer vision, and cryptography.
Do you have any other questions?
Professor Kieras is the teacher next semster. His helpfulness rating is 3.29.
Taking 183 first will benefit fresher.
Okay, I suggest researching those classes and find what seems most interesting to you. Is there anything else I can help with?
What do you need help with today?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Can you inform me of your preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 44:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
I'm happy the decision was easy for you.
Hello, what brings you to advising today?
It can be difficult.  If you found EECS280 to be too difficult, this probably will be too.
No, I'm an advisor of engineering
truth be told, they basically do the same thing
Nice. You should go for it.
Are you in need of assistance?
To help with 281, you need to have taken 280 and 203
which one do you love more, a project based class or more theory based?
What about CS do you appreciate?
Is there anything that interests you?
You might want to take EECS 482
Okay, if you need anything else let me know.
"Foundations of Computer Science" is the title of EECS 376
Courses 4, 281, 370 and 376
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes
Today, how can I help?
I hope you do well.
Do you need any help?
281 relates to algorithms and structures.  You will learn about some important topics that would be needed for most interviews.  You will also be doing a bunch of projects that will give you practice using structures and algorithms.
I think it would be a great idea if you chose EECS 481, it can count towards a technical elective. It is very useful for EECS students since it is a software engineering course.
My pleasure!
Is your homework challenging this week?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
What range of difficulty do you prefer?
Some courses that might be helpful to take are EECS442 or EECS482. Neither have too heavy of a course load and should fit your interests.
Please list your interests, then.
EECS 203 is much smaller. It's usually around 55 students, while EECS 280 usually has nearly 170 pupils.
When I look at my records it says that you already took Chem 130 in Fall 2007.
Hi
I would recommend EECS 470 as a good fit for you, considering your major and stated preferences
It is a 50 student class, a small size.
Yep, you are all clear in regards to the pre-req for EECS 484
The course is diffult even though it has no lab or discussion session.
You're welcome!
It is a core course.
I assure you that it is no coincidence.
Have you thought about taking EECS 484?
Another good choice is EECS 492.
EEC203 fits well with your background and should be great for you.
The next move would be EECS 203
What classes interest you?
Based on your interests, I'd suggest taking EECS 492 Introduction to AI.
What number of classes and you planning on taking next semester?
Were EECS280 and EECS203 hard?
Professor Mihalcea is teaching section 595.
I recommend EECS484!
Of course I can assist you.
EECS 442 deals with computer vision.
There is a EECS 183, which is much easier for people who haven't got much experience in computer science like you, so dont worry.
This is an introduction to mathematical foundations of computer science course.
Hello
What concentrations are you interested in?
they can pretty much be anything, including some pottery classes or other fun 2 credit courses
Also, they are not scheduled yet.
do you want this track to continue
EECS203 discrete math, for example, is a great start point
In that case, I would suggest you to take EECS 183?
Sounds great.
Hi, how are you doing, Yize?
The cryptography class would have 65-70 students.
Most students try to get EECS 281 out of the way quickly so they can take the upper electives.
For those who completed Calculus, enrolling in EECS203 is advisable.
478, 370, and 281 is a fairly demanding schedule. It will come down to how much work you're willing to do.
hi! how can I help you with today?
Can you tell me your name?
This class seems like it would be pretty good for you.
Do you think EECS 281 is a challenging course?
It is more entertaining then 485 and 482. I think a course about video games will suit you perfect.
However, if you were to only pick one, EECS 281 will open up more upper level CS courses to you, so I would prioritize signing up for it.
Yea, the class is EECS 475. Along with EECS 484 and 388, the semester sound perfect for you!
This will give you your MDE.
may you have a day that is good.
Hello there!
Hi! How's your day?
The classes 281 and 370 you will find will help you a great deal.
As per the courses you have done before, EECS281, 376, or 380 would be advised by me.
You can do EECS 493.
Now that you've taken this class, how do you feel about it?
Given that you have just completed ENGR 101, the next courses you should take are EECS 280 and EECS 203
What else would you like to know?
Its rating is 4.31, more than 90% of EECS courses.
A few ULCS electives you might find interesting are EECS485, Web Database and Information Systems.
Student, hi.
EECS 376 + eecs 370
That sounds great! If there's nothing further, have a good rest of your day.
There are many topics covered by EECS 376. This includes: finite automata, regular languages, pushdown automata, context-free languages, Turing machines, recursive languages and functions, and computational complexity.
A math course is available to you because of your background
How might I assist you today, Kangxu?
Okay, what field are you most interested in?
where do u want to explore
The class is small, it is about 50 students.
Mark W B Brehob teaches this course.
Based on your background, you can first take some math course
EECS 475: Intro Cryptography.
Affirmative, it's a higher level cs course.
Sup, dawg!
Your other requirements have been well satisfied and there are not many CS courses to take, so take something that interests you.
It would really build on top of your knowledge if it would involve several concepts like fundamental data structures, tree searches etc.
280 would help you figure out the specific fields if you aren't sure about them.

C. options-for-correct-answers
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 45:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
The workload is not very high and the class size is around 100 students
I know that working in groups is part of the journey, but it's hard to work with people who have different learning styles.
Good afternoon, student!
Based on your interest, I recommend you to consider about EECS586, Design and Analysis of Algorithms.
Upper level courses require the completion of lower level courses.
[Unclear]
Summer semester might be your best option for catching up.
student, hello.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Bye.
EECS281 is the code.
Is there anything I can help you with today?
Alright, which type of areas of computer science are you most involved in?
You are most welcome!
I think it's required that you take at least 4 of those classes.
Alright, what are the questions that you have?
Sure thing. How may I help you?
I would encourage you to take this class if you want to learn more about NP-completeness.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
A great class to take is 373.
I strongly recommend you take EECS 281 based on your condition.
What is your ideal class size?
Hello how may I help you today?
Unfortunately there aren't any other EECS courses next semester for you to take, but 203 will help you move forward with the major!
Are you more interested in OS or web development?
EECS 370 is a course titled Introduction to Computer Organization.
It is a very important fundamental class to you learning that will propel your knowledge in computer design and it is 4 credits
Do you like graphics or algorithms?
For Software Dev, EECS381 might be a good fit
How can I help?
EECS 280 may be too hard for you with your minimal experience in programming.
glad I could help
That sounds like you'd be interested in a computer science major!
It is a three-hour class on every Monday, from 9AM to 12AM.
Do you think hardware is where you want to most go?
EECS 280 has a reputation of being a difficult class
Hi! What can I do for you?
My suggestion would be taking EECS 370 as this is the introductory course for computer hardware and EECS 485 which is the web development course.
EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms, and EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization are my classes.
My Micro architecture class only has 30 students too bad is only worth 3 credits
EECS484 is at the start of the day.
Both EECS370 and EECS370 are required for a degree in Computer Science and to open up other upper level CS classes.
280 is rated 2.59 in ease, 4.13 in being helpful and 3.96 as far as clarity.
I have to take EECS 280 and 203 before taking 281.
My pleasure.
You can still complete your major but that is not ideal as you would have to stay for a portion of another academic year.
Your background indicates you can take some high level courses.
How interesting does this class sound?
What would you like help with today?
Based on what people say about it.
No worries! Have a fabulous day!
You have 54 more credits to go before you can graduate.
This course consists of the introduction of data structures and algorithms.
What else is there?
What interests you?
do you have other questions
You can refer to them as Web Database and Information Systems and database management systems.
Based on your background, I suggested you to take some high level courses
There aren't other computer hardware classes being offered next semester
Since you need a CE, if you take any 300 level physics class it should fulfill your technical requirement.
In ENGR100, what grade did you receive?
Absolutely how can I meet your requirements?
Is there anything I can help you with today?
What can I help you with today?
Can I suggest a class that fits your preference for helpfulness.
I see that you've already done ENGR 151, so you're off to a good start.
You'd be better off if you took these two courses together instead of EECS 381.
I strongly suggest you take EECS 281 and EECS 370.
Another possibility is EECS 445, a machine learning class, which might relate. Also, there are other special topics that might relate to AI>
EECS 484 is named Database Management Systems.
I would also recommend you to take EECS482
How are you doing?
helpuful rating is 3.68
The time hasn't been listed yet unfortunately. I can get back to you later about it.
I will suggest that you take EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
What interests you as a freshman for your major?
EECS477 has a workload that is considered a medium amount
Would you be interested in graduate level courses?
Hello, good afternoon.
Have you looked EECS 492 (Introduction to Artificial Intelligence)?
EECS 281 - Data Structures is what I'd recommend next.
Additionally, in this class you will study CSS, HTML, Javascript, and AngularJS
Mr. Michael J Cafarella
It looks like you need to finish your pre-reqs first
How about EECS 485 or EECS 482?
If you enjoy backend, you might like this class.
It appears you satisfy the prerequisite for this course.
EECS 475, Intro to Cryptography is a possibility.  You get to learn about building secure software and communication systems.
Welcome!
Okay, that's it. It appears you've got it under control.
Hi, is there anything I can help you with today?
Both courses occur on M/W 3-5pm
I think any student interested in web dev should glance over these courses.
What is it that I could do to assist you today?
Yes I can
You can take both EECS280 and EECS203 side by side.
Regarding MDEs, do you have preference in them?
If you'd like a large class, try 281.
Are you still with me?
They're not scheduled yet as well.

C. options-for-correct-answers
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 46:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
What do you like about this course?
Based on your previous courses, Do you prefer to take some computer science courses?
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript
484 seems like it would be a good fit.
If you are looking for an easy class, I would suggest EECS370
You should take EECS481 Software Engineering to learn software development.
Happy I could help
I am part of the new faculty and need some information on MDE courses.
Is there any problem with selecting the course , qijun?
It is both Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization.
Can I help you with something?
Easiness arises in average >.
Greetings, how can I help you  today?
You don't have your MDE requirement covered. I don't think you can graduate right away.
Yes indeed, throughout the semester 441 has a group project
For that course, the easinessrate is 3.
What would you like me to do?
Why not think about taking on some Upper Level classes this time around?
3.92 is the helpfulness rating for this course
CS is for sure one of the harder majors at the school. Within the EECS department, EE is challenging, but not in a similar way to CS.
Do you know what classes you want to take next semester?
Is CS a major you have interest in declaring?
If you take that class, next semester you will take the advanced classes.
Please choose between the software or hardware?
EECS 203 is about Discrete Mathematics and the concepts behind computers
Greetings, student!
The only difference between EECS 492 and EECS 481 is that the former is a larger class. EECS has about 130 students whilst 481 has approximately 60-70.
However, I would prioritize signing up for  EECS 281 if you were to only pick one because it will open up more upper level CS courses to you
Is there another area that you are interested in?
i have no idea, lemme check lol
I don't have any information on class times.
However, the workload is quite substantial, and in order to perform well in the classes you must begin projects/homework quite early.
It's moderate work
Get your core stuff done real quick.
That seems like it will be a good final project.
492 tends to be a larger class with around 125 students while 442 tends to be smaller with around 55 pupils
OK. Do you have an idea of what classes in CS you want to learn about that aren't hardware related?
If you would please excuse me, I have an advising appointment with your classmate.
What are your interests?
Which class has average difficulty?
I think you should also take EECS482
Most people generally take both a semester
Are you looking for upper level CS courses?
Hello, nice to make your acquaintance!
Hi Varsha.
Do you have availability on Monday and Wednesday?
Thanks for letting me know that.
You should take an MDE. Software Engineering is a course that helps you build assistive technology.Are you interested  to take this?
here are some other computer science courses i think would be good if you are choosing those other 2 courses
In your opinion, are those classes difficult or easy?
Yes, there is an upper level cs course.
No problem, have a great day!
I think you taking eecs 280 and eecs 203 with 4-6 credits would be good because you are a asophmore.
Have you considered taking EECS 373
Hey Varsha.
Howdy! How can I help you today?
Can I assist you with any additional questions?
There are no other mobile courses you can take.
Absolutely.
Alright, We're talking about what classes?
My advice is to take EECS370; it's a good fit for your experience and credentials.
The EECS482 class size is 99.6.
Those are above average grades.
Which sections of Engineering 100 were you a part of?
What can I do to help you today?
Hello Brady!
You didn't participate in EECS 281 yet, so it's the most relevant for you.
My pleasure.
EECS370, EECS376 can be taken.
Do you need help today?
Which type of EECS courses do you want to take this semester?
Are you wanting to take more EECS courses?
There aren't other computer hardware courses being offered next semester
A heavy workload class would be EECS 281.
Following your completion of EECS281, I
If you are looking for something that is  like ENGR151, EECS183 is something to look at.
alright, i'll get you registered for these classes.
How hard are your classses?
The standard of quality among our professors generally meets a certain criteria.
you can take 376 at the same time as 381
What subjects interests you?
If you focus on your work you will learn a great deal
No problem. Anything else I can help you with?
There are plenty of classes to choose from!
If you didn't find EECS 280 and 285 too difficult, you will find this one okay, too.
Unfortunately, the times are still pending.
EECS280 teaches a lot of the same concepts from EECS183.
EECS 376 should be considered since it's a requirement and it will set you up for some classes in Intelligent Systems.
There is a 4 credit class, and its this one.
EECS 280 and 203 are needed for EECS 281.
About one hundred
I need a minute to think
Can you tell me how you feel about the class now that you've taken it?
So, did you want to do EE, CE or CS? Or any combination from it?
EECS 280 is being taught by Christine Sipek.  She is very helpful and very clear
I wouldn't suggest you go with this course because it's less helpful than microprocesser
Students in the past have expressed that the class was beneficial.
Are you interested in computer organization?
EECS203 and EECS280 should both be taken to major in CS.
Do you think data base management Systems I should take that course next semester

C. options-for-correct-answers
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 47:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
Hi, what is going on?
Can I help with anything else?
From 3:00 to 5:00 PM is when it's offered.
I suggest that you take it
Nope, no labs for either class.
How can I help you today with your courses?
You can take a lower level humanities or social science.
EECS 485 is a great class for learning web dev. It goes over a lot of the basics and web apps can be made by you in flask.
Would a course with a larger class size be okay?
On your course, how many credits do you want to select?
In which topic are you more interested, Cryptography or Data Structures?
In the coming semester there are two classes in the computer hardware area.
EECS 482 is the appropriate course to take
what upper level CS classes you might want to take?
The scope of this class covers the introduction to mathematical foundations as used in computer science.
In case you're interested in programming, kindly take EECS 281 class.
EECS 281 is usually paired with EECS 370 or EECS 376
Hey, what can I do for you this day?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you have any interest in theoretical computer science?
What will work, too, but you should realize that you'll eventually have to take the upper level courses, and they may be more difficult.  You can take 376 with easier classes, but I suggest that you make sure that during semesters in which you plan to take extremely difficult classes like EECS 494, you'll register for less than 16 credits.
Since you want to major in CS, you should plan to take EECS203 and EECS280.
engineering software
You can take Eecs 280, an intro to Programming and Data Structures course that requires no pre-requisites. You could also take Eecs 285 to learn about Programming language or Computer Systems.
Most students decide about 381 their senior year. Don't worry about it yet.
Yes, you can veiw it at EECS 280.
Can I help you with any questions?
You should take EECS 441: Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs if you are interested in web app applications. The class has UI interface and is helpful if you want to find a job. It's scheduled for 3 pm to 4:30 pm.
Taking MATH 216 requires you to take MATH 214.
Have a nice day!
I recommend EECS183.
Goodbye
Programming courses EECS183 and EECS280 are my recommended choices to take this semester.
It is a 4 credit
376 is An introduction to computation theory: finite automata, regular languages, pushdown automata, context-free languages, Turing machines, recursive languages and functions, and computational complexity
Which EECS classes did you find most enjoyable?
Yeah. It would be good to explore some other options since you've mostly been taking STEM courses.
Hello!
Given that, I say you should take these classes, wonderful job Stein!
There's also a 381 course, which is Object Oriented and Advanced Programming and in the software development area, that you could take next semester.
But, I suggest avoiding taking 482 with those other two since 482 is a class with an very heavy workload.
To complete graduation, you need 54 more credits
Then EECS 482 is the right course for you!
I strongly recommend you take EECS 281 based on your condition.
hi Zach
Yes, you can take EECS 482 the following semester.
Taking into account your past courses, this class seems easier.
You too! Bye.
Hi, what can I help you with today?
EECS381 has been rated to be taught very clearly.
Additionally, this class doesn't have any labs.
Introduction to Cryptography is an easy class.
After looking at your coursework i woul suggest you taking EECS280
EECS 281 isn't a prerequisite for it.
How much interest do you have in that course?
Yes. They are EECS 370 and EECS 376.
EECS280 and EECS183 are very helpful courses but according to previous students, the former scores 4.13 while the latter scores 3.63.
Is EECS 281 needed for upper electives?
Both of those classes are required for an EECS major
Doing well is very possible.
Hi, may I help you and good morning.
No problem, cya!
Do you like difficult classes?
You want to enroll in EECS 482
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.
I also recommend EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms which is a fundamental course for EECS student.
EECS280 was a class I really enjoyed though.
That's great. Enjoy the rest of your day!
The prerequisite has been met by by.
You're eligible for EECS487
What can I help you with today?
So in  this case, I can only help you with your EECS minor
What do you need help with?
203 is a fantastic area of study.
I urge you to learn EECS 482.
John Patrick Hayes has a clarity rating of 1.5 and a helpfulness rating of 1.5.
3 core requirements are required to finish.
376 is an introduction to computation theory and has been given a much shorter course description from the professor.
EECS 481 is what I would recommend
You must complete eecs183,eecs280,eecs203, and stats250 to declare a major.
I can help you with that.
3 credits is what it's worth
You can try fundamentals in AI which is EECS 447.
You have the option of taking EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms next term/
Ok.  I hope this gave you a good idea of where to go from here.
Can I help you with something today?
Does number of students usually matter to you?
How many EECS classes were you looking for?
Ok, are you satisfied with the CS major?
There will be less programming and you will complete EECS 281, which is the most important of the three classes
Explain me the thoughts on taking EECS 203?
I recommend taking EECS485.
http://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/all_survey.2016.htm is the website for checking past students' rankings
Is 376 a required class?
What year of course are you in?
It appears the teacher for EECS 370, Scott Mahlke is the most helpful
376 is the easier course, but 281 is a must.
Do you find yourself interested in hardware or software-related courses?
Based on what you know, I'd tell you to take EECS376.
Tell me all your interests.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 48:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
EECS 484 is in the ULCS category.
As it opens up more course options sooner.
It appears that you have all the other general engineering requirements.
It is slightly more difficult than EECS 281
What kinds of classes have you enjoyed in the past?
Fourth, Machine Learning.
If you decide to take two EECS classes next semester, you can take 370 with 281
Hello, how are you doing?
it is offered from 10:30am until 12pm
These classes have an average lecture size of 84 and 92 respectively, and there are many classes at different times, so they do fit your criteria.
To fulfill your requirements, I strongly suggest you take EECS classes.
376 is the easier course, but 281 is a must.
With a score of 3.42/5, EECS183 is moderately difficult.
My opinion is that you should enroll in EECS203 and EECS280 during one semester and then take the more advanced next level course EECSS376
Eecs 492 which is artificial intelligence is relatively light. sp is, ppp could also be tried by you
No worries.  If you need further assistance, please let me know.  Enjoy the day.
If you have a good idea of probability and combinations it should be manageable
Have a good day!
Cool, I see you've taken 485. I think 484 is a good course that focuses on databases, which is important for backend
3.25 is the easiness of it.
No problem! Enjoy your day.
Are you interested in an area of computer science?
Are you interested in web development?
Both are typically easy to moderate workload CS classes.
Discrete Math 203 is not alot of programming but EECS 280 is.
Hold on a second while I think about it
45.4 is the average class size for EECS 376 and that is considered to be small.
For the courses in the afternoon, are you interested?
Tell me the classes you're considering taking.
Thankfully, testing is not focused very much in EECS370
Hi, how can I help you?
Unfortunately, no. This adds up to 12 credits of upper level CS classes and you need 16 to graduate. So in addition, you will have to take three upper level CS classes overall.
you can also study 473 as your MDE, If you like it.
You have 30 credits already, but you need an additional 12 next semester.
Unfortunately there are no 300 or 400 level NLP courses being offered next semester.
In EECS 482 they will teach you how to build complex software systems.
Would you like afternoon classes?
I propose that you cancel one from them.
No big deal, can I help you with something specific?
I think you'd be interested at EECS475
Hi, how are you?
EECS376, EECS281, EECS478, EECS475, EECS370 are all open in Winter of 2014.
since you haven't taken any eecs class i would recommend starting with that class firstly
My apologies.
That course is offered at 1:30 pm, and lasts for 90 minutes on Monday and Wednesday.
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science sounds like a good class.
Do you have an interest in web development?
Hello, sir.
Engr101 covers the essential
You are slightly behind schedule for the requirements, but with one difficult semester you can catch up.
Hello! How may I help you today?
Are you interested in research courses since you've done undergraduate research?
Is that class one that you would find interesting?
Then I'll suggest you to take EECS 545
EECS271 is a introductory class before you take algorithm analysis ad O-Notation.
Yes, it's an upper level cs course.
EECS 183 and EECS 203 is what I recommend taking then.
directly to ricks 2017
I recommend you take EECS 481 and EECS 493.
Of course. What are your questions?
I recommend you take EECS 281 first if you want to take an upper level course as soon as possible.
Do you have any interest in computer software?
You're most welcome!
What you take depends on the workload that you want.
They vary on the difficulty level, so it is still possible.
First let me ask you a couple of questions.
The one which is well liked and is not too code-heavy is 486.
Not a problem, have a good day.
I would suggest taking EECS 376, it is the easiest of the courses I would recommend to you
EECS 481 has a class size of 63.71.
Also 281 and 376 are more manageable
the workload for both classes are reasonable and are excellent classes
If I were you, I would take EECS281 and EECS370 next semester.
EECS 281 has the heaviest workload, then EECS 370, then EECS 376.
Enrolling in basic courses for EECS is highly recommended.
Separate semesters will take longer to complete your classes.
You receive 4 credits for EECS 280.
could you tell me what career goals you have
The class is easier than EECS 376, but it is harder than EECS 370.
You should take EECS 280 and EECS 203
Given your interests I'd take computer networks, which is EECS 498
The size of the class EECS481 is 63.71.
You are welcome!
Hi, what can I do to be of assistance?
The EECS 481 has an easinessRating of 3.25.
The times aren't listed on my schedule, but for the most part there's multiple sections.
After reviewing your resume, I think there are two classes that you should consider: EECS 550 Information theory, or EECS551: Matrix Methods for Signal Processing, Data Analysis, and Machine Learning FA 2012
Taking EECS482 is a class I would recommend.
Based on your interests, I have 3 classes in mind
Overall, what did you think of 270 and 215?
There is one course in Discrete Math that I think would be great for you
Its a heavy workload class, and we study algorithm and data structures in it
You've taken ENGR101 already I see.
I recommend Software Engineering, EECS481.
Also it is required for the upper classes.
Unfortunately it's only Monday/Wednesday for this term.
Sounds great to me! As far as Computer Science, what area interests you the most?
Are there specific courses you want to take?
What do you think about web development?
A good class to take in your sophomore year is EECS 281.

C. options-for-correct-answers
If you have a good idea of probability and combinations it should be manageable

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 49:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
Do you know what classes you want?
Are you switching to CS from CSE, perhaps?
Both of the software classes can be taken at night.
570 is class based on Parallel Computer Architecture, and 585 is going to be focusing on Advanced Operating Systems.
It is great to hear that.
Then, I recommend taking EECS 183 and EECS 203.
It's been my pleasure.
Programming and Introductory Data Structures EECS 280 is another option.
Okay, I hope everything works out for you.
EECS584 would be a better fit, as it is more advanced.
It is known as Foundations of Computer Science.
It a small class size of about 50 students.
By how much?
Not a problem. Goodbye.
What else can I help you with tonight?
I'll look into it.
Hi Varsha! How are you today? What can I help you with?
EECS 281 does have a discussion section.
The AI course EECS 492 and the Machine Learning course EECS 545 are your options.
May I suggest EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence to you, if you think you would like AI.
Since 203 and 280 are prerequisites for upper level CS courses, I strongly advise you to take them.
You still need to take a few classes required to graduate.
Is EECS477 liked by you?
64 students is the seat amount
Let me help you with that.
And how much?
EEECS445 is a very important course for AI.
Do you need any other assistance?
My goodness, we must figure that out then!
What about EECS 481 or EECS 477?
That seems like it will be a good final project.
It's called Operation System class.
Do you need me to help you with anything besides that?
2.53
Yes, you have already taken EECS 280.
Hi there.
EECS 376 is generally a lighter load, so I might save it for a semester where you might want to take a harder class like EECS 381 or 482. EECS 370 though is a good requirement to knock out because it is a prerequisite to a lot of other upper levels such as 381 or 482
Sounds good. I'm going to head to my next appointment.
In my opinion there is no difference between EECS 481 and EECS 485 based on workload survey
Prof. Mihalcea is teaching 595.
What topics are you drawn to?
Hello, what can I help you with today?
Can I be of help?
Hey! How's it going?
In 370, did you find the hardware coverage enjoyable?
That class will take you to task.
Hi there world!
Yes, CS majors can persue a double major in the EECS department.  But they can only do this with EE.  They can't do it with data science because it overlaps too much to count as a double major.
May I inform you with more information about this class or other classes?
What can i help you with today?
EECS477 is also called Introduction to Algorithm.
484 is also on software development and computing infrastructure
Based on your interest, a course that would be good for you is 484.
That's too bad - maybe another class.
Okay, and is an upper level elective what you're looking for? O a senior design course?
How can I help you?
my pleasure
Hello, nice to make your acquaintance!
As far as CS requirements, you only wanted 1 more upper-level and your MDE
Another option could be to take 370 with 376
It seems like you've taken many EECS courses
You will have to take many more upper-level courses. You can take EECS492 and EECS494, one in this semester and one in the next semester
280 is based on projects, while 203 is not.  Don't let that fool you.  Several students have admitted that 203 is harder than 280
Welcome you are!
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
He is one I do not know personally as well.
For Algorithms for beginners, take EECS477.
that is literally shocking, I do not recommend you take these three classes together in any case, and also, you haven't taken any of the prior classes.
Enrolling in basic courses for EECS is highly recommended.
There aren't any. But it doesn't hurt to learn about theoretical computer science.
Greetings! Is there a question I can help you with?
Do you want to do either of these interesting items?
The class involves finite state machines so 370 may be helpful.
Based on past feedback, the clarity rating is 3.77.
EECS549 Information Retrieval is something that I would recommend for you.
Based off the courses you have completed, I would suggest for EECS 493 (User Interface Development) and EECS 441 (Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs)
It sounds like you like computer science. Are you happy with the current level of difficulty in your current class?
As far as your interests, what topics or fields come to mind?
In terms of workload, EECS 376 is light, EECS 281 is moderate, and EECS 370 would be the heaviest. However, none of them are too extreme in terms of workload.
It is common to try to take those in different semester.
A list of things that have to be done to complete the major are at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf.
The location is near software development and computer infrastructure.
Because this class provides an introduction into the mathematical foundation of computer science, you need to take this class this semester.
It allows sooner availability of courses.
The clearest of all the EECS courses you have taken so far will be this one.
also what time are you available
EECS280 and EECS183 are very helpful courses but according to previous students, the former scores 4.13 while the latter scores 3.63.
This is a math class in preparation for computer science.
Hi, Is there anything I can help you with?
Yes, you can take EECS281
Just based on your interests, EECS 376 and EECS 370 are two possible courses.
How can I serve you better today?
What are your interests?
Prior to now, have you looked into this class?
Ok, there are two EECS courses that may be good for you next semester, they are EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts and EECS 280 Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
If you are good in math, then EECS 477 is also a good option. Introduction to Algorithms teaches the fundamental techniques for designing efficient algorithms and basic mathematical methods for analyzing performance
I think any student interested in web dev should prefer these courses.
It actually has a prerequisite
It's about principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing, especially for digital logical design
There is an excellent security class in our school called EECS 388 intro to security

C. options-for-correct-answers
280 is based on projects, while 203 is not.  Don't let that fool you.  Several students have admitted that 203 is harder than 280

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 50:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
Based on your interests, I'd recommend taking EECS 281 and EECS 370.
Most of students go for EECS 482 Intro. to Operating Systems who like low level programming. Though it is a difficult class, most students consider it to be very helpful later on.
Would you like to take this course next semester?
EECS 203 is not as hard as EECS 280.
Hi, are you doing well?
I'm happy to help! Is there anything else I can help you with?
The class is 4 credits.
Hi student
That is correct, but the course is much more difficult.
Labs are not with either option.
My pleasure!
Tell me how the deciding goes!
Don't mention it, have a good one
Did you take any courses related to artificial intelligence before?
If you plan to graduate, you need to do your MDE in the next 2 semesters. You've met all of your degree requirements except for that.
Hello!
Good, go on.
Yeah the course alternates professors, both CSE and ECE, but Jia Deng is good.
What are your preferences?
Did you want 370 and 485?
No, it is a fairly simple class.
Based on your history, taking both courses at the same time might be a challenge for you.
Would you want to do that?
I don't recommend that you replace 281 or 376 with 475.
You have taken EECS280 and EECS370 previously. So you're eligible to take both EECS281 and EECS370.
Do you want to take EECS280?
Welcome,how can i help you today?
A useful math course that is pre-requisite for many other advanced courses is MATH116.
It's very intense.
I think you should take EECS 280 in order to be able to take those upper level CE classes.
Greetings!
Sounds like that would be a great fit for you
Sure thing! Please let me know if there's anything else I can do for you.
If you want a more difficult computer hardware course, you could take 470 which is Computer Architecture, which is a graduate level course
The class size is around 120 on average.
It is the same time as Machine learning
EECS595 as a graduate level course is recommend by me based on your interests.
Do you prefer software development or web development?
Do your interests reflect EECS?
Hi AJ, what would you like to talk about today?
Hi! How can I assist you today?
Furthermore,  EECS 281 is a good elective for you.
Hello!
If you really want lighter loading, EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science would be choice.
Perhaps some econ minor requirements could be taken by you with it.
Would you like to keep going on the track?
EECS445, Introduction to Machine Learning or EECS492, Introduction to Artificial Intelligence are all other options for upper level CS electives.
The basic course for computer scientist is 2.281.
Ok, did you take any courses about computer science?
Hello.
Tell me a bit more what your plan is.
I see you have nothing to say.
Hello
After you have fulfilled class requirements and taken the CS classes, explore a different type of class.
EECS 376 is similar enough to EECS 203 to be considered a follow up course.
I'd take EECS 370 and 376 now, since they are required for your major.
Great! Then EECS 485 might be just the thing that you're looking for.
Is this acceptable?
EECS489 has a prerequisite. Have you take that one?
glad I could help
In that case I highly recommend EECS 484, EECS 388, and EECS 482.
Thank you for the chat this Monday, have a good day!
I would suggest you take EECS370, ACCORDING TO YOUR PREFERENCE
Mobile App Development is suggested for Entrepreneurs, Software Engineering, and Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
There's an Introduction to Cryptography course you could take called EECS 475.
How do you think that will do for you?
Nice. Go for it.
Can I help you with anything else today?
Taking that is something I would recommend
Due to your history, the courses you have might be hard to handle.
Introduction to Machine learning, EECS 445, is a very mathematically involved course.
The grades are good.
Okay, is there a preference on the helpfulness of the class?
Is the CS major what you were expecting?
Is it safe to say that you are considering majoring in EECS?
Yes, that it is.
You can now take a lot of upper level classes.
With EECS 370 and a ULCS class, do you intend to take 3 other non-EECS classes?
If I were you, I would take this course next semester.
Awesome! It was great talking to you today!
The average size of this class is 12 students, which is relatively small.
It seems you've taken a lot of courses not specifically for an EECS major, is that because you're minoring in something?
You are most welcome!
Do EECS373 Microprocessor Board systems interest you?
Some of the upper level courses has light workload
Are you considering anything else?
3.77 is the clarity rating of EECS281.
You are welcome! Bye!
After taking all those software classes it makes code work much easier.
It appears that you don't have much experience in programming.
And you'll still need to take Stats 250, and four ULCS classes, as well as an MDE.  You can probably complete them all in time, but it will be tough.  It may be a good idea to petition to have one of the graduations level EECS courses you've already taken be considered as a ULCS.
There are about 128 students in EECS 484 and 129 in EECS 485. So they are pretty similar size wise.
I don't know details, but it's a core class like 281.
It is part of the educational journey to work in groups. It can sometimes be hard to learn to work with people who have different learning styles.
You are able to move on to EECS 281.
Ok.  I hope this gave you a good idea of where to go from here.
You too. Farewell.
Is EECS281 a difficult class?
That's wonderful!
Hi! Is there something I can help you with?

C. options-for-correct-answers
What are your preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 51:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
EasinessRating: 3.08.
What course-related help are you looking for?
The only math course available is EECS 203
I believe you are on the right path Meili.
Ok, what's your major?
Past surveys indicate that this class is average in terms of easiness, so you should be okay.
Are you doing fine today?
Are you interested in computer science?
Considering your interests, I would suggest your taking EECS 485.
Linguistics courses, are you interested?
Would you prefer to take classes like object oriented programming, or application classes like game and app development?
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.
yes, there are lots of courses for you to chose from. EECS 492 and 494 are ones you can look at.
EECS 281 is an option you could look into.
What are you interested in?
Are you considering signing up for any other EECS course?
370 is less  concerned with math/theory that 376.
Are you interested in computer science classes?
The class is taught from 1:30 to 3:00 PM on Monday and Wednesday.
How about class size preference?
You are right!
It may be a lot of review. EECS 183 covers a lot of the same material as ENGR 101.
How can I be of assistance?
Do you have any questions for me?
There is a a course that covers many web topics, taught by Professor Cafarella.
It's like an advanced version of EECS 203.
Here are a couple courses you might like: EECS 484, EECS 485, and EECS 481.
Is there a problem you have?
For an easier workload, take only EECS 370 next semester, and then take the other electives in your senior year.
Not a problem.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Sure!
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science would be a good class, I believe.
Good!, What questions do you have?
everything is fine, have a blessed day
As a beginner in algorithm, course EECS 281 is best for learning about it.
This is a good instruction to Computer Hardware.
Hello, how's it going?
I would advise taking EECS 281 and EECS 370 for a great semester.
EECS 280 would be a good course for you because of your interest in web development
What do you want?
Do you ahve any interest in taking any more EECS courses?
Classes that are worth 4 credits include Introduction to Computer Organization and Introduction to Cryptography.
Sounds good. What are your interested topics?
A good intelligent system course to take is EECS 492: Introduction to artificial intelligence
I don't have the workloads, but the difficulty level of the classes are 3.25 for EECS 481 and 2.93 for EECS 493
Is that class one that you would find interesting?
Database Management Systems is the extended form of EECS 484
Does any entry level class work?
What are you interested in?
In order to graduate, you will need four upper level cs plus one capstone.
I suggest taking EECS281 and EECS370 before venturing into upper level eecs classes like EECS475.
would you prefer a particular class size?
What classes are required for the major?
EECS 373 was considered for you?
Awesome. Tell me what questions you have for me.
Is there a particular topic you're interested in?
Which upper level classes are you interested in taking?
Web development and information systems are covered in EECS 485.
Therefore, it is my firm recommendation that you should enroll in this course next semester.
How may I help you today?
for you 376 course recommended.
Are you interested in another EECS course?
Did you already do those last semester?
Hello, what can I help you with?
Is there something that I can help you with today?
Which would you like; morning or evening classes.
Believe me, it happened for a reason.
EECS 376 is less useful than EECS 370.
Since you enjoy statistics then you could take some 400 level stats classes, along with Stats 415 & 470.
My goodness, we must figure that out then!
For many upper level classes, there are pre-requisites.
Do "Computer Game Design and Development", "User Interface Development", "Software Engineering", or "Computer Network Security" sound interesting?
You still need to take a few classes required to graduate.
I recommend you take EECS 821, since you’re a Sophomore.
Is there anything that particularly interests you in the areas of computer science?
The course is called Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
The easiness level of the task is 2.
if you face issues there is a discussion section
Jai Deng may be next and Johnson-Roberson next year.
Das Reetuparna
EECS 203 and EECS 183 can be taken simultaneously.
It is a good idea to take EECS370 to finish your requirements.
While in 281 and 370, I'd suggest a less work-intensive class out of area.
The classes are Programming and Introductory Data Structures, Discrete Math, and Elementary Programming Concepts, respectively.
Okay, I will see you around!
Is there anything I can help you with
Intro To Cryptography, or EECS475, you could take, as well.
Hi Chong! How can I help you?
EECS 482 is a recommended class for you, it has helpfulness rating 4.07 and an easiness rating 2.17.
If I were you, I would recommend taking EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts.
Good! It was great talking to you today!
EECS needs more work compared to EECS 376, but can be done with lesser effort against EECS 281.
I was happy to help.
The course about advanced database systems is called 584
What are you interested in?
During students second year most of them like to take 280 and 183.
EECS 484 is a good course for learning database.
I believe you should take EECS 492 Introduction to AI due to your interests.
Hi! Shall we get started?

C. options-for-correct-answers
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 52:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
Do you like back-end programming or front end systems better?
Given the difficulty level of EECS 281, I don't recommend taking other difficult courses alongside it.
You are very fortunate afterall.
EECS373 is something I think is good for you too.
Sorry, I meant EECS 376 and EECS 370.
May I assist you in some way?
EECS 376 has a relatively small class size with an average of 45 per class and EECS 281 has an average size of about 85
Your preferance may change with other course options.
It's computer organization.
It will cover the general aspects of the production process of software systems, structuring, principles, design and information analysis.
For double major graduate will be hard to complete in 3 years
Are you interested in learning about algorithms?
EECS484 is a huge class.
Good bye and you are entirely welcome.
You should definitely take EECS 281 next semester
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.
EECS373: Design of Microprocessor Based Systems would go well with EECS281. I would recommend taking it because according to other students i has a higher easiness rating.
Are you interested in Game Design?
One operating systems course is EECS482.
programming in a high level language with fundamental concepts and skills
What topics do you enjoy?
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.
That is really good.
Of course. What questions do you have?
Since EECS doesn't satisfy ULCS requirements you shouldn't.
No worries. Just speak with the professor if you can? They are usually willing to work with you and assist you in doing your best.
Many people take the general course Databases (484) because it has applications in many areas of CS.
Did you enjoy the EECS 482 class?
EECS 203 is a Pre-requisite to EECS 281.
Most of the upper level CS have a prerequisite i would recommend EECS 281 next
The class is about 50 students, which is small.
I urge you to enroll in both EECS370 and EECS376.
Right then, what are your questions.
I'm here to assist you with computer science but really with electrical engineering.
Taking EECS281 as a sophomore is what I highly recommend.
A lot of students like to take 280 and 183 during their second year.
EECS 370 can be a simple class and 484 is possible too, but if you dont' like math or had difficulty in 203, EECS 376 may be difficult for you.
I'm here to help, so is there anything you need?
Introduction to Cryptography is easier than  Introduction to Computer Organization.
482 can be a heavy load, so combined with other EECS classes, it can make for a very busy semester, but most students find it is comfortably taken with humanities class.
For computer science major, EECS281 is one of the course you have to take.
Yes, for EECS minors or majors.
The majority of students take four classes each semester
It is strongly recommended by me that based on your condition you take EECS 281.
Finite state machines are taught in this class therefore 370 could help.
No problem. Have a good rest of your day!
You should take EECS 281 to open up more Upper level classes.
EECS 478 is basically higher version of EECS 270. It builds on technology constraints, theoretical foundations and computer-aided design algorithms. It also introduces you to high-level synthesis techniques such as modeling, scheduling, and binding.
I recommend taking EECS484 first.
involve proofs and formulae
Well, EECS 280 and EECS 203 are what you need to take
I dont know the best non -eecs course but the ones you have are good.
Do you prefer earlier or later classes?
With EECS 281, you can take EECS 370 or EECS 375.
Hello, how can I help you?
Have you chosen a major?
This is a typical MDE for CS students
EECS 484 is moderately challenging, while EECS 485 is much more tough.
EECS 376 is a small class, with about 45 students in a class, while EECS 281 averages about 85 in each class
EECS 376 is about the theory of computation and contains topics like turing machines, computability, complexity, and cryptography
MATH and ENGR doesn't offer any other courses
Your senior standing allows you to register for the course.
A prerequisite for most upper level cs is EECS 281.
It's my pleasure to help, and I hope you have a good day.
This course is pre-request for future course, such as EECS 484, EECS 485.
Are there any classes that cover linear systems theory?
Out of the classes you've taken, which have you enjoyed most?
Would you have an interest in taking EECS376, foundations of computer science?
Sorry, I don't have timing information for these classes yet.
You should take one of the harder classes in CS that is EECS 482 offered at 4:30 in the afternoon if you want a more difficult semester and also learn a lot.
Cryptography would be much more challenging in comparison to the easy topics of computational theory databases, computer vision, or AI.
Based on your interest in hardware, you should consider taking EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor-based Systems.
A class that is known to be an easy upper level class is EECS 441 which is mobile app development.
EECS 281 and 370 have really difficult programming projects.
The course seems easy with its 200 course id but actually it is not that easy.
You need to take class 376 in order to eventually graduate.
No problem. Have a great day.
Of the ULCS EECS485 satisfies 4 credits.
Please welcome
The Professor has a very good helpfulness rating of 4.3
It looks that 203 and 280 are a good choice for your next semester.
EECS 280 too, please.
Can this be better explained?
Sure! How many courses do you want to take?
There is also a machine learning class EECS545
I highly encourage you to educate fresher 183 first
I passed EECS376 without much effort.
Thanks!  Goodbye.
Can I assist you?
Awesome, what is your major?
442 is Computer Vision and  492 is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
Basic building blocks make up Computer Science.
EECS281 has 81 students.
I want to see.
Due to your background, you might have trouble with this course.
Tianyi, hello, how may I assist you?
What classes are you eligible for
I would suggest taking EECS 376 if you are going to take 281.
Do you have any additional questions?
EECS 445 and EECS 442 are both good.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 53:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
Monday and Wednesday is when they meet.
bye, no problem!
I would consider the following course: EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems
Even though there are generally many sections of each, so you should be able to pick one that works for you.
It was not trouble at all. Have a great one.
Let me look at your transcript real quick.
Its difficulty is rated at 1.91.
EECS 484 requires less work than most other EECS electives.
OK, is there any topic that you are interested in?
Certainly, it is not an issue.
Ok, are you satisfied with your CS major?
What can I help with today?
However, I suggest you take Intro to AI if you are taking Machine Learning.
Would you also be taking 3 other non EECS classes along with EECS 370 and a ULCS course?
Ok then, wish you the best next semester.
How interested are you in Artificial Intelligence?
This course isn't big, with only 41 students in it.
Awesome, may your future be filled with accomplishments
Microcomputer stuff can be challenging compared to simple programming, but if you are interested in hardware, then you may find you like it
Hello!
I'd highly recommend for you EECS281.
If you are still interested in language courses, I'd suggest you take them in your junior or senior year.
yep, you've got that, the prerequisite is 280
what do you need assistance with?
I'm not sure, it would depend on if other students drop it. The class is small, but you still may have a chance.
Class EECS485 is worth 4 credit hours.
Which EECS courses did you enjoy the most?
Hi, there! How can I help you today?
Okay, thanks for dropping by. If you have anything else you need assistance with, let us know.
Hello Earth!
In order to graduate you will need to complete both classes.
Good luck!
Okay sounds great! What area of Computer Science are you the most interested in?
You're welcome. Goodbye!
Would you prefer a more difficult or a more easy class?
Taking all three simulataneously would be a heavy workload.
EECS 381 and 482 are tough courses.
Both are considered slightly harder than average courses.
ECS370 is Introduction to Computer Organization.
Ok alright, I am pulling up your transcript
Hi there, how are you doing?
Though I would recommend that if you only want to take one EECS class that isn't too difficult, 280 would be the one to sign up for.
You seem to be right on track, credits wise!
Discrete Mathematics deals with probability, logic, functions, algorithms, introductory combinatorics, graph theory, and discrete probability.
thats good! What kind of questions do you have?
Is EECS485 an option?
An EECS course would be good for you based on what you've said.
Then you should take 373
Really you are ahead of schedule
A class size of about 40 is 4 credits.
Would you like to know who is the teacher for the course?
493 would be a easy on workload, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
There are many advisory prerequisites but EECS 281 is the only enforced one.
A class that is known to be an easy upper level class is EECS 441 which is mobile app development.
I'm fairly sure you have the prerequisites needed.
If you want to do computer science major, you have to take EECS 203
This course is one hour and a half and on Tuesdays and Thursdays with 4 credits.
You're welcome. Good luck!
Hi, how are you today?
Ok,  in that case you can take classes that are team-based like EECS 485
Algorithms class is course eecs281.
I think it's a good match for your background.
Are you more interested in general web technology, or in backend database management?
It might help to take a look at software development, EECS 493.
Hi! How can I help you today?
EECS 280 is Data Algorithms and Programming
Can I help you with any questions?
I need time to think.
Although you don't need 470 in order to graduate, it is part of the MDE requirement to graduate. Is is one of 6 class choices, of which 3 need to be taken simultaneously to graduate.
Next semester you could take EECS 586. It doesn't have a rating for clarity, but it's about algorithms. It's held at noon.
yes?
Having considered your background and interests, I am recommending you take EECS 281.
Do you know programing before?
It's a very heavy worload, but everyone I've talked to that has taken it has gained a lot from it.
What about EECS484?
That in not an issue. Have a great day!
What area are you interested in?
203 will help you move forward as there are no other classes next semester
EECS 376 is a required class. It could be a nice break from the programming EECS classes.
It should be fine as you have all of the pre-requisites for that.
Are you going to graduate this year?
Can you tell me what area you are most interested in?
Since EECS doesn't satisfy ULCS requirements you shouldn't.
Discussion hour is offered for this class also.
Based on what you like when it comes to class size, I think EECS 183 would be a good choice.
The eecs 573 class micro infrastructure is only 3 credits and has a 30 students
This will require at least two semesters, but as you already qualify for the minor if you are not able to take another semester.
Sure! If being part of a semester long project where you interact with a real world customer interests you, I suggest Eecs 481
EECS needs more work compared to EECS 376, but can be done with lesser effort against EECS 281.
10,11,12,13 credits are some options included with this course.
I would suggest you take EECS370, ACCORDING TO YOUR PREFERENCE
Web technology is covered in addition to applications.
Are you looking forward to best next semester?
Ok, I might recommend getting your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, out of the way first.
Hduhaime, cheers!
If you are interested in machine learning, EECS 492 would be useful. I will also suggest that you take EECS 381. I think it will give you a good foundation for the rest of the upper class.
It is a little hard.
EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor-based Systems would suit you well, due to your interest in hardware.
It's like an advanced version of EECS 203.
There are both basic and advanced classes availabe; which do you prefer?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Let me look at your transcript real quick.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 54:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
Fabulous! It was great to have you here!
EECS203 Discrete Math is a good choice for that area of development.
Which would  you prefer to do?
A popular topic is machine learning. How about it?
I think you have satisfied the prerequisite.
See you?
Hey there. What assistance do you need today?
I need to know which types of classes you would find most engaging.
Can you tell me about the topics you are interested in?
Any questions?
To learn buiding secure software and comm systems, EECS 475, intro to cryptology is a good choice.
Tell me,what are you interested in?
373 will be meeting at 10:30 to 12 on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Do you need any help?
Provide me with details about your plan.
This would not be an easy semester. I would suggest you take another term.
Since EECS 281 and EECS are prerequisite courses for many other EECS classes, you should take them as soon as possible.
This is a popular course and many students want to take this course.
Great to see you
have a good day.
afternoon class time is wednesday
I apologize, I am the advisor.
How can I assist you?
Is there any places you want to explore?
Welcome! Bye!
No problem. Anything else I can help you with?
do you have any idea what type of upper levels you would like to signup?
Hi! How can I help you today?
What do you need help with?
I would recommend taking some other computer sciences courses if you decide to take these two courses.
The course EECS376 you'll have to take too.
What else would you like to know?
Eecs 183, eecs 203, and stats 250 can be taken together next semester.
Awesome! Appreciate you coming!
Can I help you?
These classes are your best options, given that you prefer a moderately helpful professor and a small class size.
Operating system is taken after EECS281.
you're welcome, goodbye!
It's good to see you again, Yize.
I would recommend 482 which is Introduction to Operating Systems
I don't know but let me go check!
Are you passionate about learning Chinese?
The class size has been around 80 in the past.
The easiness of this class is 2.23.
Hey there, how can I assist you?
There are several core courses that you must take before you can take any computer hardware classes.
EECS 281 is a prerequisite to a lot of other classes, so you might consider that, do you want low or high level of programming?
It should be fine
If you want software development, take eecs 280 or eecs 183.
eecs 280 and eecs 281 have to be taken in different semesters but you need to take both of them.
I would recommend taking Machine Learning if you are interested.
281 Data structures and algorythm is recommended by me.
Ok, good! Have a good day.
EECS183 topics include fundamental concepts of programming, C++ and Python.
What are your interests?
Web development application was included by 183 as it’s final project
Generally it wouldn't be a big issue, but it depends on the professor.
How can I be of service?
With your interests, would you say you are more theoretical or application-based?
creation of software through engineering
Students with your history say that EECS 370 is a tough class.
478, 370, and 281 is a relatively busy schedule. It depends on how much work you're willing to get involved with.
Your academic records prove it should not be a problem.
Have a fine day!
Students in the past who have taken this class have considered it really useful.
Do you need some assistance now?
It's going to be pretty difficult to double major with a hard major like CSE. But if you possess confidence in your worth ethic, it's definitely a possibility. I do, however, highly suggest you think about minoring in classics instead of majoring.
You will be just fine, I think.
However, students with previous knowledge of machines will find it easier to complete this course successfully.
Sadly, I don't have information about what programming language is used in EECS 280.
EECS485 is a class you may take.
I have your transcript.
Did you have any ideas what classes you wanted to taket his semester?
The Easiness Rating for EECS 492, for Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is 3.08, while the easiness rating for EECS 477, Intro to Algorithms, is 2. Hence EECS 477 would be easier
What are you interested in for Technical Electives?
That's ok. Do you have anything else I can help you with?
Do you need assistance?
The description for EECS 376 is as follows: "An introduction to computation theory: finite automata, regular languages, pushdown automata, context-free languages, Turing machines, recursive languages and functions, and computational complexity."
If you have studied calculus a lot, it will be possible.
Are you interested most in Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, or Artificial Intelligence?
Well it seems that you have completed EECS388 (security) and EECS475 (cryptography) already
There's an estimated amount of 120 students.
This course will be beneficial to any major you select.
ok, are you interested in taking computer science classes?
I hope you have a great semester.
Are you interested in taking EECS280?
EECS 183 is a class that's reasonably difficult
Intellectual breadth courses are often good to sign up for when you have courses with heavy workloads
There are a few more required classes you'll need to take to move forward with the CS major. EECS 203, 280, and 183 will be offered next semester.
What question would you like to ask today?
you bey are welcome
In the EECS section EECS 203 is the only class that you need to take next semester.
After reviewing your info I recommend taking EECS 470
Based on that, I would suggest taking an EECS course.
You should find EECS 477 pretty easy based on your background.
You have two empty spaces to fill with classes
Is programming something that interests you?
What level of workload are you expecting?
EECS280 has a lot of the same concepts as EECS183, so taking EECS183 will help if you want to take EECS280.
I wouldn't recommend taking 381 at the same time as any other EECS course - you'll be up all night working.

C. options-for-correct-answers
eecs 280 and eecs 281 have to be taken in different semesters but you need to take both of them.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 55:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
Das Reetuparna
If you're interested in learning about AI, I'd recommend EECS 492.
Hi, how may I help you?
I think it's required that you take at least 4 of those classes.
Is there a problem you have?
A good choice for you would be 485!
I'm a junior I'll take MDE when I'm a senior
see you later
And 484 Database Management Systems is also a good one
If EECS 37, 373 are not hard classes for you, then you will feel good about it.
What is your topic of interest?
Discrete Math, number EECS203, is a course I suggest you take.
before you can take upper level eecs electives you will need to take eecs281
Welcome, you are!
Have you ever studied Computer Science?
Unfortunately, you also have to techcomm and EECS 496 with your MDE.
If you take  EECS 493 - User Interface Development, EECS 481 - Software Engineering, and EECS 484 - Database Management Systems this would be a medium courseload.
Okay, what sort of fields of computer science are you interested in?
If you needed a lighter workload, you can acquire just EECS 370 next semester and take your electives senior year.
This class is held 10:30am-12:00pm
Sure thing! Please let me know if there's anything else I can do for you.
Your Welcome!
Can you tell me how you feel about the class now that you've taken it?
The course is called Elementary Programming Concepts.
EECS 467 is a good choice according to your workload request.
Greetings peer.
That's sounds great! Then EECS 492 is a good fit for you.
You are very welcome. I hope your day is pleasant.
Good to hear. Have you had any experience in programming?
Are you in LSA or Engineering?
You will find it beneficial, I am quite sure..
Everything ok with the course selection, quijun?
Awesome! Is there any topic in computer science you are interested in?
EECS 491 has classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays
For the next semester, I strongly recommend that you take this course.
You may know that computer science and finance are pretty hard.
fine, have a good day
What is your preferred difficulty range?
it is a design course with 4 credit
As a junior, you've had experience with classes that have similar workloads.
That can be categorized under artificial intelligence.
The class is run by Michael John Cafarella
However, I'd avoid doing 483 with those other ones since 482 has a super heavy workload.
The programming concepts are simple.
I would suggest you take EECS482.
How is your mood today? Is there any way I can help you?
what are you studying next semester?
You got it. Have a good one.
Alright, are you interested in anything in particular such as web design, algorithm, or natural language processing?
Are you looking to take more EECS courses?
Hi!
This course is a 4
You can take smaller, more specialized classes later if you take these classes now.
The basic computer scientist course is 2.281.
Awesome! It was really good talking to you today!
For upper level EECS courses, you have many options.
So how many courses do you want to take?
Wonderful, have a nice day!
Good, how are you doing?
Professors who are very helpful often have a helpfulness rating of +4
Can I help you?
Hello, Do you need help today and with what?
We do have a class in OS, our starting OS class is EECS 482!
What interests you the most?
Hi there.
Have you done EECS281?
Hello,good to meet you.
If you have an interest in security, given that you're taking 388, that may also fit well.
You are eligible to enroll in most EECS upper electives now that you've finished EECS281.
I find that you have to take EECS 484 to graduate.
I suggest you take EECS484.
You are very welcome! Do you have other questions?
Do you think you would like to declare CS as a major?
The only one available for math is EECS 203.
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.
Sure, there are many possible courses for you to take. EECS 492 and 494 are possible choices
For a lot of software courses it is a prerequisite
Nice to meet you.
You cannot take those classes yet because you haven't progressed far enough in CS.
Out of 5 for easiness, EECS 281 was rated 2.51
What else can I do for you?
Since you have completed EECS281, I
Let me help you
What year of course are you in?
In computer science what is the field that you're most interested in?
I suggest you hold off on that course until the following semester
We sadly don't have previous course ratings for 470 on how difficult students thought it was
Do you enjoy more challenging classes?
the advise for prof
To pass the class a C will do.
Did you take any CS courses before?
I like some of the options you offer.
It will be reasonable, I believe, considering your background.
381 is a good fit for you, but I don't suggest taking other EECS classes with it.
Why do you need to be advised?
As a recommendation, EECS 482 should meet the criteria.
EECS 482 is the class number for Introduction to Operating Systems.
very welcome you are
My choices are EECS484 and EECS 485
What do you have in mind?

C. options-for-correct-answers
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 56:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
Either EECS 281 or EECS 370 can be taken.
A very small class is Informal Retrieval
I see you haven't taken the advisory prerequisite course, Linear Algebra. I wouldn't recommend this course because of that. I would go for MATH 217 first.
If you want to major in CS, then you need to complete EECS 280 and EECS 203 before declaring the major.
You're welcome
De nada!
If you like it, another you can take is 473 as your MDE.
Hi there!
You should be prepared for EECS280 if you did well in Engr101. Especially if you feel comfortable coding C++.
Software Engineering - EECS481 is something you also may want to consider.
Awesome. I propose you begin with a few core classes.
This is in fact pretty heavy.
What did you think about the class size?
There are a lot of choices for classes you could enroll in for next sememster.
I would recommend EECS281 to you because of your background and interest.
In the future, this course will provide the foundation of important material for other classes.
This term, it is only M/W unfortunately.
What other questions do you have?
Do you think you still remember the concepts you learned in ENGR 101?
I strongly suggest taking eecs 203.
i recommend eecs281
Hello student named Kaushik
EECS 370 and 376 will satisfy your majors course requirements. You should take those as well.
Will you have a heavy or light course load next semester?
81.4 is not as big as EECS 281.
Do you prefer ideas that are more practical or theoretical?
You could take summer courses however to catch up.
Rather, in my opinion EECS370 and EECS280 are equally hard
Is there anything you would like to add?
Top of the afternoon!
given your interest in math and discrete mathmatics I would also recommend taking EECS 203
Please continue.
Greetings, Varsha.
You have plenty of options to choose from!
Do you like computer software?
As a senior who has completed eecs 281 that is correct.
Sounds like you have your plan for next semester!
Do you want to take more than two EECS classes? Keep in mind you only need eight ULCS credits to graduate and you're only two away.
If you like that, you'd like EECS 280
It handles elementary programming concepts.
The scope of this class covers the introduction to mathematical foundations as used in computer science.
Students do tend to find that class very clear.
270 is an optional prereq for 370, but students who took 270 first said that 370 was much easier.
I looked at your courses and determined you shouldn't have too much trouble doing them together.
If you have taken EECS 281 then i recommend you take EECS388 and EECS475 for your field.
Machine Learning shouldn't be an issue for you, considering that you took EECS 281.
EECS484 is taught somewhat clearly.
Have a nice day!
Completing graduate requirements makes things much easier on yourself.
The class is a four.
Do you like a certaIN CLASS SIZE?
Do you want to take MDE during next semester?
Welcome!
What questions can I answer for you?
Enjoy your day!
What subjects are you interested in?
You must take two more classes
Computer science, do you have any background in it?
What do you want to talk about today?
EECS470 is what I recommended.
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.
It's tough to say...
EECS376 is a requirement for graduation and one more upper level EECS class, so I would suggest you start with hat.
Software Engineering is the pick if you want a medium-sized course.
EECS280 needs to be the background that teaches EECS376.
For an easier workload, take only EECS 370 next semester, and then take the other electives in your senior year.
Definitely. If you find another medium level class to pair with them, you'll be all set.
Kinematics and Dynamics, Robotic
I'd suggest taking this class if you want to stick with your major.
The topics are you interested in, is what kind?
What combos are you considering?
In 482 you'll learn many important things for operating system design and implementations, such as: multi-tasking; concurrency and synchronization; inter-process communication; deadlock; scheduling; resource allocation; memory and storage management; input-output; file systems; protection and security.
Another good option is EECS 492.
For an easy class, you could take Introduction to Cryptography.
What is your standing like?
Past surveys indicate that this class is average in terms of easiness, so you should be okay.
2 is the easy rating for this course.
EECS 484 is Database Management Systems and explores concepts and methods regarding large enterprise databases. EECS 485 is Web Databases and covers a lot of web technologies.
You've got this. Just put in a lot of effort.
Hi. What can I help with?
is there anyway i might help you today?
For an advanced version of EECS 270, EECS 478 is a great choice as it builds on what you know and adds modeling, scheduling and binding.
3 core requirements are required to finish.
Do you prefer easier or harder classes?
Enjoy your semester!
Though I would suggest that if you only want to take one EECS class that isn't too difficult, 280 would be the one to sign up for.
Hi friend!
Does Computer Science interest you?
Thanks so much, see you later!
You did lots of chemistry but not so much calculus, correct?
In my opinion, the one course in Discrete math would be perfect for you to take
EECS484 is a huge class.
Since you're now a senior, I wonder if you will be taking an MDE in the upcoming semester.
Microcomputer is a tough but interest course.
Sure thing! Get in touch if there are other things you need help with from me going forward.
Ok great, bye!
Well, since you are a sophomore and it looks like you are on a computer science track, I suggest you take EECS 203
What major areas interest you most?
EECS 492 is worth 4 credits, but EECS 545 is worth 3.
We have a class in OS, it's the introductory OS EECS 482 class!

C. options-for-correct-answers
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 57:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
Can I suggest a class that fits your preference for helpfulness.
whats more, this course is easy
Techcomm and EECS 496 aren't too bad don't worry
Course 281 is considered part of the core curriculum for EECS students.
EECS 280 is a good foundation for Data Structure.
You want to enroll in EECS 482
What about EECS 485 or EECS 482?
There aren't other computer hardware courses being offered next semester
Typically, the class size averages 80 students.
Lets see if we can find something that works.
It takes place from 3:00-5:00pm.
Hello, how's it going?
Cheers to you hduhairme!
I think you EECS 485 would be a good course for you to take.
The previous course was 3 credit. This course is 4 credit with a discussion sessions.
You might take 482, 484, 487, 481,485,477, 483, 493, or 441.
Ok! I suggest Eecs 481, if you're interested in being part of a semester long project where you interact with a real world customer.
For a freshman, that is a great one.
With a class size of 92 and an easiness rating of 3.24, EECS should meet your needs.
You meet all the conditions for EECS 280, so it would be a good choice.
bye, you too
Can I learn AI from the EECS 492 course?
Tell me what you're confused about
Can you reveal your preferences to me?
In the EECS section EECS 203 is the only class that you need to take next semester.
I am sorry to hear that happened.
There are 50 students in EECS 441 and about 10 students in EECS 571.
Did you find yourself liking calculus 1 and 2?
It will be in your best interest to become familiar with more students.
Did you enjoy the process of setting up the overall program, and the overall process of designing a piece of software?
You are most welcome!
How hard are your classses?
EECS442 is Computer Vision and EECS482 is Introduction to Operating Systems
This is good. Go for it.
Those classes that are required are large.
Have you thought about taking THTREMUS 101?
It is the organization of computers.
Glad to listen that! So in hardware area have you taken any course?
Hello!
If you have studied calculus a lot, it will be possible.
I would suggest finishing EECS 203 rapidly so it's possible to declare the CS major.
The EECS203 class is not very large.
Mark W B Brehob teaches this course.
Do you have an area you want to focus on?
Did you like or dislike the eecs classes?
In order to take EECS 370, a student must have already completed EECS 280.
Does that sound like something you would enjoy?
Glad to help you!
Eecs 183, eecs 203, and stats 250 are all classes you can take together next semester.
Having previously taken EECS280 and EECS370 makes you eligible to take both EECS281 and EECS370.
Are you at all interested in learning about algorithms?
Alright, have a good one.
I'm more than happy to help.
Have a good one
Is there any other questions I can answer?
EECS 281 is like EECS 280, a class that you've already done. And EECS 370 would be like the next level up.
Is there anything else you have questions about?
Is EECS280 a course you want to attend?
Can I help you?
I recommend finishing EECS 203 quickly in order to declare the CS major.
According to your background, I recommend you to take one of these EECS 470: Computer Architecture and EECS 478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization FA 2011
Hello, how can I help you today?
A big class is EECS484.
If you have any other questions you can feel free to reach out.
Good, how can I help you?
You need to take EECS 376 at some point. Since it is not a programming class, it might be a nice break from your other EECS classes!
Ok, I see
You do not need 470 to graduate, but it is part of the MDE requirement to graduate. It is one of 6 class options of which 3 need to be taken concurrently to graduate.
What are you thinking?
I suggest 281 which has an easy rating of 2.53
Both EECS484 and EECS485 are recommended.
Are you interested in a certain course?
Any more questions?
Okay. What are you majoring in?
370 is what people generally take it with.
Hello, how may I be of assistance?
Signing up for all three would be too much work.
EECS373 is a recommended course for those interested in computer hardware.
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.
It is 2.59 out of 5.
Do you have interests?
You have had very good grades indeed.
Do you incline toward classes in the zone of Computer Hardware?
Are you looking for help on classes?
When is the correct time to complete the core requirements for your degree?
What are you interested in?
Engineering takes a long time to master, but if you pay attention and gain the experience
Is Computer Science to your liking?
Glad to help. I hope you have a great day.
You are interested in what topics?
It would be helpful for you to take course EECS470 since you already took many hardware and physics courses,they will help you career after graduation.
EECS481 Software Engineering may meet your demand.
In addition to a very light-loaded course, I recommend you only take these two courses.
You are not required to pass 470 to graduate, but it is part of the MDE requirement to graduate. It is one of 6 class options of which 3 need to be taken concurrently to graduate.
I suggest taking a more general core class, this will give you a better feel for the areas you are interested in. EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science  would fit that category
EECS 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is going to be useful in the future.
any more questions?
well, it's a good introduction to Computer Hardware.
You have already taken EECS280 and EECS370, so you are qualified to take both EECS281 and EECS370.
You have met all of your degree requirements

C. options-for-correct-answers
Can you reveal your preferences to me?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 58:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
That's fantastic is there anything more i can do for you
You need to take EECS 370 still and 4 upper level classes. As well as a capstone
When it comes to EECS courses you will find that EECS 445, Introduction to Machine Learning is very math-heavy.
Then, based on your background, I'd recommend taking 545 first.
You should really take EECS370 and EECS376
Expect the event to start at 12pm and end at 1:30pm.
Awesome! Next semester how many classes are you thinking about taking?
So what do people call you?
If you want to play it safe, EECS281, EECS376, and another 4 credit class might be a better option.
I'm unsure if they are morning class or not.
An easy class is EECS370, if you are looking.
It's average easiness.
EECS281 and EECS376 are the courses I recommend you take.
The hardest of those classes is EECS 381.
EECS 441 is tailored towards web and mobile development and it is a relatively low workload MDE.
With your background I imagine it will be reasonable.
You will find EECS492 will have some interesting topics.
Do you have any interest at all in EECS?
Could you tell me about what you're interested in?
12 hours per week is for 494  and 5 hours per week is for 376
it was the least i could do
You're welcome, I hope I answered everything.
I also recommend any seniors to take EECS482 - Introduction to Operating Systems, because the materials covered in this course would often be tested in a job interview.
In that case I highly recommend EECS 484, EECS 388, and EECS 482.
The classes 281 and 370 you will find will help you a great deal.
These are fundamental classes that teach elementary coding and math concepts that need to be mastered before taking harder classes.
IS EECS being planned by you?
That course would inform a lot on algorithms along with essential programming concepts.
Greetings, Stefan
Hello, how may I assist you
Will do, catch you later.
You are meeting the requirements for both of the courses
Take class EECS183, since the class has only 124 students.
If you would like to focus on core courses you might consider EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization and EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms.
Hi Shan! How may I help you today?
That sounds good.
Can your interests be told to me?
It seems the professor of EECS 370, mr. Mahlke, is the most helpful.
No that class is pretty simple.
I will take care of it.
The instructor will be Professor Prakash if you take the course this semester.
Go no further than EECS 281! It is a challenging class,
Is EECS 588 a class you've considered?It's more theoretical and involves writing papers, but the professor is supposed to be the best in his specialty.
No it is a pretty easy course
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prior to most Eecs classes.
EECS 183 is the easiest class you can take next semester.
Do you have any precise interests?
Also 281 and 376 are more manageable
The classes teach about how the structure of a computer is layered.
How can I help you today?
That's good to hear. Have a nice day!
EECS 370 is computer organization, and EECS 376 is foundation of computer science.
You're a sophomore, so you have a ton of options
If you are interested in web technologies it would be quite applicable.
The only difference is that EECS 492 is a bigger class. It has around 130 students, whereas 481 has around 60-70 students
Correct, it will be accessible starting the up coming semester.
Hola!
What did you mean by practical?
That works for you right?
EECS 280 and EECS 203 are required.
I would recommend also taking EECS 481. It is software engineering and very helpful for eecs students. It is offered in the afternoon and very clear. It will count as one of your technical electives towards graduation.
EECS484 is rated as fairly easy also.
Both courses are also 4 credits.
It's a great day, hope yours is too!
The class is taught by Wei Lu. He has not been rated before. Since he teaches at UofM, I assure you that he should be competent.
I understand. Are you interested in anything in particular like web design, algorithms, or natural language processing?
Professor Kieras will be teach and he is rated a 3.29 for helpfulness.
includes 125 students.
Can you clarify a little more?
Monday and Wednesday is when their scheduled meet days
Do you have any specific courses in mind that you are interested in?
EECS445 is another term for machine learning.
Is there an area within computer science courses that you are most drawn to?
What specifically do you plan to do?
For class difficulty, what do you prefer?
You can refer to me as Yiting.
Have you ever taken EECS281 before?
It's around 25 students
What are some details about what you are looking for so i can narrow some options down?
Much luck for your study
EECS183 will grow your interest in becoming a programer as it is fun
The start time of the classes aren't provided to me. If you look at the LSA course guide, you will find the class times there.
Are you double-majoring?
You should make great use of office hours for course material 370 and 376.
Mark W B Brehob teaches this course.
Based on the classes you've taken, this class shouldn't be extremely demanding.
A 545 and 485 course load will be a little heavy.
Is there any other thing?
and EECS 591, too.
In my opinion, the EECS281 course is preferable as it has the easiness rating of 2.53.
Looks like you haven't taken the EECS 281 class. You might want to since it's a gateway to many upper level CS classes
It will be a challenge to take three EECS courses and a technical course.
EECS 491 has classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays
I am sorry, that was an accident.
Did you plan to focus on completing the core requirements?
You could expect around 4 hours of coursework outside of the classroom each week.
Are you still present?
EECS 485 and 484 can be useful taken together but might also be challenging for students who struggle with managing their time wisely. Students generally utilize knowledge from these classes for other courses later on
Hi, can I help you with anything today?
If you start with EECS 281 in your schedule then you can start upper level CS courses immediately.

C. options-for-correct-answers
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prior to most Eecs classes.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 59:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
Wonderful! Does web development interest you?
Typically, the class size averages 80 students.
Which courses do you think you'd like to take?
If you are not able to fit all of those classes in your schedule, will be able to complete the Minor
You should investigate Software Engineering -EECS481
You satisfy all requirements!
neat class
Are you looking for upper level CS courses?
ENGR 101 and Calculus are courses you've taken.
I would suggest taking EECS 481,Software Engineering if you are interested in software development.
With your background, you may find this class hard.
Nice! It was great talking to you today!
Hey there, what can I do for you today?
Are you interested in EECS484 Database Management Systems?
Hi! Do you need help?
No worries
EECS281 is a course you could take.
Give me some time to think about it for a moment.
Good luck with your great studies!
EECS 482 is a recommended class with a helpfulness rating of 4.07 and an easiness rating of 2.17
Both electrical engineering and computer science majors are difficult at this university but they're hard in quite different ways.
What information do you require?
You should take EECS203 Discrete Math on my suggestion.
You prefer what size of class?
Programming is all about EECS482
Choosing the easiest course available isn't the wisest decision.
No, neither of these courses have labs.
As you still need to take 203, there are no other courses for next semester that are available to you.
Are you interesting in natural language processing?
Most students think 482 is the easiest course.  Operating systems are easy.
Do you need something?
This could be a challenging semester so think carefully
Hi Jamie! What can I help you with today?
That's great. You are so awesome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
But the size of the group is about 50 students.
Do you have any other questions?
Hi there, how are you doing?
Is CS your area of study?
It's all right, bye!
Which courses till now did you like?
Because course 281 has homework each week, several small projects and a large group project, many students reflected that the work load was heavy.
Do you want to learn more about that?
281 is a weeder course that teaches you data structures and algorithms. You normally take this in your sophomore year.
what upper level CS classes you might want to take?
What specific courses are on your mind?
The class size is about 130 people per term.
It's been rated to be more difficult and to have a more hefty workload in the past.
Alright! Greatly adore you!
I am very glad to see you.
If you want to start taking the upper level CS courses right away, then you should definitely start with taking EECS 281.
Does that work for you?
I can't confidently say, but GSIs help a lot from what I've heard.
Does that sound well to you?
Do you prefer classes that are more structured or driven by yourself?
EECS 280 is a little bit more challenging than EECS 203
281 and 376 are more manageable.
Hello there! How can I help you today?
An easier option would be 445.
I see you've taken EECS 280 and 183, so as the CS major requires, you need to do 281 next.
Yes that is correct, let me know if you have any more questions.
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.
You should have linear algebra experience
EECS 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence will be very useful in the future.
You need a technical elective for a CE. You should take any 300 level physics class it should work with your schedule and fulfill your technical requirement.
I hope to see you next semester, but if I don't good luck!
I can recommend EECS 483, Compiler Construction, and EECS 373, Design of Microprocessor Based Systems as good options for you.
EECS 482 is a pretty tough class, but very helpful if you are willing to put in the time
EECS 281 is a prerequisite to major in EECS.
Sure then, what are the topics that you find interesting?
Are there any other questions I can answer for you?
Hi, how can I be of assistance to you today?
Is there any places you want to explore?
A list of things that have to be done to complete the major are at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf.
Yeah, it is possible to take some of those classes in the morning but you will now be able to take all of them first thing in the morning
Is EECS 281 a difficult class?
EECS 370 is a core requirement and you have not taken it yet.
Not an issue. Anything else to ask?
There are EECS 442 Comp Vision, EECS 492 Artificial Intelligence. You should consider those in addition.
If you are looking to take a big class try tot ake 281.
How may I help you today?
Do you have anything else you'd like to know?
hello, what can I do to help you today?
I strongly recommend you to take EECS376.
Does AI-related courses sound interesting?
How can I help you today?
He's not teaching any of the other classes that you could register for next semester, so I wouldn't worry about it.
Do you feel that EECS183 in elementary progamming concepts would be a good fit with my background?
I would recommend taking care of the 281, Data Structures and Algorithms, and 376, Foundations of Computer Science, requirements.
376 can be taken with 381.
Instead of taking all those hours next semester you should do another semester.
No, there is not.
I would suggest that you don't take all of them together if you don't want a high workload.
We have two courses; one in software developement, and the other on infrastructure.
It appears that you did not take ML course.
This term I would suggest you take EECS 376, EECS 281, EECS 370.
You can take the class again if you fail
It's rating is 4.13/5 for helpfullness
I don't know, but let me check!
I don't think it'll be too bad, because it's an introductory class.
Linear Algebra is useful cross-curriculum and would be a beneficial course.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 60:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization is going to be 478.
You need these classes for your graduation
What's more, this course is not too difficult.
Many do these simultaneously.
Would you like to try out programming?
The courses up next are normally EECS 281, EECS 370, and/or EECS 376
Just like EECS445, EECS477 and EECS492
My recommendations are EECS 281, 370 and 376
What sort of help do you need?
You should feel right at home with a class size of 26.6, if you want a small class size.
I suggest EECS 376, 370, and 281.
Are you interested in courses in the afternoon?
Class will be held on the afternoon of Wednesday.
I think EECS 373 might not be appropriate.
do you enjoy circuits
Hi World!
I see that you've taken EECS281. What types of CompSci are you interested in?
Looking at your course history I think you would be best to enroll in EECS478 or EECS475.
You should be able to manage these courses, considering your background.
EECS 481 gets my recommendation
Ok, you've been added to the class
People who are good at computer science would be advised to take EECS 482.
Welcome!
EECS370 is one of the required courses to obtain a degree in computer science.
Computer science does sound great
I'm happy to hear that I helped you.
The feedback says it is quite helpful.
Hello! Can I help you with something?
Hello student
There are a few more required courses you'll need to take to move forward with the CS major. EECS 280, 203, and 183 will be offered next semester.
EECS 485 is a great class for learning web dev. It goes over a lot of the basics and you make web apps with flask.
I would suggest talking to the general engineering advisor to learn about other courses that you can take so that you can stay a full time student.
see you later
Good, how can I help you?
I don't know whether they are morning class or not.
You should check out the online course workload survey if you are interested in harder courses.
Do you feel good about your 3 computer science classes?
I recommend you take EECS203 Discrete Math.
Is your preference for difficult classes?
The Professor is Hongkak Lee
are there certain areas you can think of
You will find this useful for your degree.
It goes over fundamental concepts like algorithm, data structures etc using high-level programming language (python)
He's very nice
For next semester, did you want to take your MDE?
Do you need help with anything else?
Sounds great!
What else would you like to see?
Alright, are you looking for foundational or advanced courses?
I can with anything that you need.
It's important that you are aware you'll need both EECS183 and EECS203 for the CS program.
Since you've taken engr101, would you like to take more computer science classes?
If you want to take 549, I suggest you to drop someting else
For opening up other classes, it is a good idea to complete it
If you have prior experience with Calculus then I recommend taking EECS203.
This is an Interactive Computer Graphics Course.
Next semester are you interested in taking EECS classes
It's not a problem, I think.
What help can be done by me for you today?
Are you thinking of majoring in EECS?
What's the name of the processor architectures course?
We have both object orient programming, and application classes (game and app development) available. Which do you like more?
I suggest EECS183 and EECS280 this semester.
The subject of the course is structures and algorithms.
Taking EECS280 is my suggestion to you.
This class is a 4 credit class
I suggest that you signup for EECS280 to advance your base coding knowledge
Hi!
You satisfy all requirements!
great! good luck!
Chesney, David R.
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Of the two, is EECS 373 the smaller?
Are you in need of my help for anything else?
You may not take other "next-level" EECS courses without taking 281/370. However, EECS 270 is available, and I would suggest taking Math 215.
On your course, how many credits do you want to select?
There's an EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms course that has sections on Tuesday/Thursday if that sounds interesting.
Would you like an easier or harder class?
How heavy or light do you expect your course load to be?
we are welcome
Classes and discussions are on Tuesday and Thursday
Would EECS485 work?
494 and 376 requires around 12 hours per week and 5 hours per week respectively.
for some application classes like game and app development and object oriented programming.which do you prefer?
EECS 281 is a challenging class, but not overwhelmingly so. It is a 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey.
I also suggest taking EECS 481. It is very helpful for EECS students. It's software engineering. It's very clear and is offered in the afternoon. It would count as a technical elective toward graduation.
You need two more ULCS credits to graduate (for a total of 8), but do you want to do more than two more EECS classes?
EECS 280 is much larger (around 167 every year), 203 is much smaller - around 55, and EECS 183 is about 124
You can do it if you have a good calculus background.
Glad I could be of service!
Sounds good. Bye!
Based on your interests, I'd recommend taking EECS 281 and EECS 370.
This is organization created by a computer.
Based on your background EECS376 would work good for you
Let me look at your transcript real quick.
Hi student
Hello, Chong! How can I help you!
The other engineering courses are in your schedule
Most people take 203 and 280 together, or they take 203 before 280. It won't be a problem to take it after 280 though.
Is there anything related to hardware you like?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Let me look at your transcript real quick.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 61:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
Greetings there!
The class is taught from 1:30 to 3:00 PM on Monday and Wednesday.
Your schedule shouldn't be too bad with three classes left
Greetings.
Would a large class size deter your interest in the course?
My pleasure
Many students go for two classes in the same semester
I was wondering what you major was.
classes are several in the morning
You can learn about many web topics in this course, taught by Professor Cafarella.
Oh yeah. Take it then if you are interested. Let me see anything else I can find......
One of the most difficult classes in CS is EECS 281 but it's a prereq to almost all upper level classes in CS.
Hi, How can I help you?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately both 280 and 281 can't be taken by you in the same semester.
Are you thinking about taking any upper level CS classes?
Normally 50 is the course size.
Nice. I think you should start with some base classes.
Looking at your transcript, you need EECS 484 in order to graduate.
I think you should take a lower level humanities or social science.
You should think about EECS 376, it is a requirement that you will need for other classes in Intelligent Systems.
This 4 credit course is very useful.
Thank you, you too!
Because or your captivation with operating systems I think you'll like EECS 482
Hello! How can I be of help today?
Interested topics are what
You only need 1 more upper level and your MDE, as far as CS requirements.
A breadth course is either a humanities course or other general credits that will not give you BS credits.
Are all your questions answered?
Basic algorithms and data structures is what this is about.
Hi there! Can I help you with anything today?
Bye for now.
The easiness rating for this course is 3.08.
Would you be interested in some game design courses?
Of the ULCS EECS485 satisfies 4 credits.
I intend to look over your transcript.
Minoring in EECS is possible and I'd say to sign up for EECS 281 next semester.
The name is Web Database and Information Systems.
You should know that although you are looking for a class average of 100 students, EECS 281 has an average class size of about 80 students.
"Discrete Math" is what it's called.
This class will give you an introduction to data structures and algorithms.
Hi, what do you need assistance with today?
It's clarity rating is 3.74 while easiness one is 3.05
Both 376 (Foundations of Computer Science) and 281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) are important for a CS degree.
Do you like big or small classes?
Welcome!
Do you need any other help?
How can I help you today?
I believe it is not very bad.
Many answers can be found in 370.
Anything in addition?
I would suggest you take them together.
Not particularly.
And were they enjoyable?
Will this be the year that you graduate?
It begins at 10AM and goes for an hour and a half.
Stop, I got something wrong.
I want you to take EECS 281.
If you feel good when taking EECS 100, You'll probably like EECS 183
And you're a sophomore, correct?
Both  281 and 370 is fairly high to  take together.
EECS is an intro level  course on algorithm analysis plus O-notation and various sub categories, with multiple programming assignments
Considering the previous courses you have taken, I suggest you take EECS484.
Is that all for now?
Not a problem! Good luck to you!
Are there any other fields, like web design, algorithm, or natural language processing, that you are particularly interested in?
I think it's better to take EECS203 and EECS280 in a semester and take EECS376 after.
EECS 381 (Object Oriented and Advanced Programming) is easy, while EECS 494 (Computer Game Design and Development) is moderately hard. But both classes have an extremely large work load.
What is your specification on the area of machine learning, website development?
You should  take a math class you think is interesting.
EECS376 will be important for your current major.
My mistake it's 183 with Professor Dorf.
They require that you do lots of programming but still, they are not what I would call extremely heavy.
In 370, did you find the hardware coverage enjoyable?
EECS183, Elementary Programming Concepts, is what I would suggest.
This class seems easier based off your past courses.
which one do you prefer more? imagine processing or machine learning?
Hello, I'm your advisor.  Do you need assistance?
If you liked the computer system architecture classes, you would probably like EECS 282 and EECS 570.
Do you enjoy system, web or software development more?
How can I help you?
I would look at the LSA course guide to find out the class times.
OK. Bye-bye!
Is there something with which I can currently help you?
What area interests you the most?
Not an issue. Do you have any thoughts on what classes you're going to take?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
I would suggest taking just two of the three classes, particularly 281 and 370, and then take 376 with an upper level CS course after that.
Other prerecs you need are 281 and 376
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem. Any more questions?
You should take software engineering (EECS 481).
That is correct, but the course is much more difficult.
Is it usual to to take the class EECS281 after I complete EECS 280?
Okay, sounds good!
Hi, I'm glad that you are interested in database
Absolutely, it was nothing!
Are you interested in infrastructure, such as system software?
For our course list would you prefer computer science?
You're welcome.
Is Engineering 101 pleasant to you?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately both 280 and 281 can't be taken by you in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 62:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
I wish you luck in the coming semester!
You're welcome!
You are right.
Terrific, It seems like it is just right for you!
You should take STATS250 or MATH214 in the meantime
EECS 376 will not be difficult because you did not find EECS 203 difficult.
Let's see what we have here...
Right now I don't know because the course still hasn't been scheduled.
Yes. Of course! Based on your interests I would recommend EECS 481 Software Development.
EECS 373 and EECS 470 are from 10:30 am to 12:00 pm which is pretty late, but EECS 373, EECS 470 and EECS 485 are in the morning.
Smaller classes have a better level of student learning and interaction with the teacher.
EECS 280 is a lot like ENGR 101 and shares concepts and expands on them. It's a very clear and helpful class, according to the ratings.
Hi, it is good meeting with you.
EECS 481 is about pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, involving structuring principles, design methodologies and informal analysis.
Great, how are you today?
If it is your wish to take two EECS classes next semester, you can take 370 with 281.
Great, it is!
EECS 280 and EECS 203 are pre-reqs for EECS 281.
Is this Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization?
Here is information for filling a petition https://www.cse.umich.edu/eecs/graduate/cse/CSE.Petition.Request.Form.pdf
You are allowed to take EECS370, EECS376, and so on.
You will be introduced to computer organization in EECS 370.
EECS370 is an introductory overview of how computers execute programs.
Definitely, yes.
Hello, I can help you how?
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.
Would you be okay with a large class?
Hi World!
It's in the afternoon.
Hello! How can I help you?
This course may be interested to you because you already took EECS 388.
Since you are a senior standing, you are eligible to register for the course.
Spacing out your work like doing your EECS 370 next semester and electives senior year could really benefit your workload.
Clayton D Scott is the teacher for that course. Have you heard about him before?
I've heard Extreme Weather is pretty cool if you want to branch out from EECS.
Go get ‘em!
EECS 281 is the only prerequisite to EECS 481.
What are you interested in since it will depend on that.
Is computer science something you are interested in?
Also 565, Linear Feedback Control Systems, might be another one you are interested in since you like math. Or 560, Linear systems theory.
Alright.  In regards to classes that are more applicable I would advise EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development.
The EECS281 course is difficult.
I would suggest 203 for you.
Many students enroll in those classes at the same time. Seeing as you took EECS 270, so EECS 370 won't be as hard.
It would be important to take EECS 281 if you want to take more advanced EECS courses
I don't believe that it is wisest to just choose the easiest course available
Personally, I suggest taking only these two courses with a light load.
The class is kindof hard.
Hey, is there anything I can do to help?
These two classes can administer valuable information on the basics of computer science
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
I dont think you should take either one. Neither EECS 482 nor EECS 381 are courses you are required to take.
I recommend taking EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
Taking the EECS 203 would be required.
Based on your course history, I suggest you take EECS478 or EECS475
I really think EECS 183. would benefit you
Great, good luck with your future!
You are welcome.
Yes, you will be required to complete a lot of work in this course.
Hello
Our school has an excellent security class called EECS 388 intro to security
If computer hardware interests you, I would recommend taking EECS470.
You have to take EECS 280 to take many computer engineering courses.
I believe that you should take EECS 281.
Yes, you got it, 280 is the pre req
Do you like computer science courses over others based on the previous courses you took?
Because it doesn't have EECS 281 as its prerequisite.
Yeah! What information shall I share with you?
In order to graduate you need to take 376
Do you have an interest in low or high level programming?
EECS 485 would be a good idea for you to take.
Are you planning to major in EECS?
You should take EECS 218 based on your background and interest.
Hi. I'm here to help you in any way I can.
OK, it seems like you took some basic computer science courses, is that right?
That is fine. Feel free to consult me with any questions you may have. Best regards.
Allow me to check.
For interviews, the core class is usually 281.
Hi Brady.
According to my information, you still need to take EECS203
Up to this point what coursed did you like?
Hello!
I don't know the class times.
What can I do for you this morning?
Bye bye, thanks.
Unfortunately I am only capable of offering guidance about classes in EECS
You can build your own app from scratch using the team project 441.
Absolutely! Upper level CS courses are split into 6 categories: Computer Hardware, Computer Architecture, Intelligent Systems, Software development, Theory of computation, and Web technology and applications. Which of these topics are you most interested in?
How have you liked EECS classes?  Good, bad, or neither?
Since they are more hands on, I would recommend smaller classrooms.
Class size for EECS 481 is 63.71.
In addition to EECS 203, you can enroll in EECS 183 too.
Yes, how can I help you?
You have any other questions?
It shouldn't be a problem.
You have also finished  tech comm 300.......TCHNCLCM 497 is a continuation to that.
an easy class is introduction to cryptography
Do you usually care about size?
Are there any other things that I can assist you with?
Are you having a good day?

C. options-for-correct-answers
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 63:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
You can take eecs 203 this summer
Thanks for contacting me, bye!
If you are ok with a difficult class I would suggest 373.
484 will teach you more about databases, so it looks you are more interested in that.
Okay, which is important to you? Time, caliber, professor?
What kind of CS classes do you want?
There is one class in that field: EECS 485: Web Database and Systems
It appears you still have not taken EECS 203.
Finding a math class that is interesting is important for you.
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.
EECS 441 has a class size of 50 students, and EECS 571 is around 10 students.
Because of your background, you can take a math course
But if you really wanted, you could have another course like EECS 493.
it's okay, have a nice day
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
Hi there!
Computer Science is really difficult, but it will be worth it! You brought up money previously, well research has shown that Computer Science majors make a starting salary of over $100,000 per year. If you are becoming too overwhelmed, there are plenty of people that you can contact to discuss time management skills and learning how to deal with stress.
Hello, how are you doing?
Do you have any interest for this course?
How mayI help you?
Yes, 3-5pm, correct.
Also, 586 is an Algorithms course
To get the credit, I'm pretty sure you'll have to take up to 4 of those upper level classes
You'll need to sign up for EECS 203 Discrete Math, which is a pre major course.
There is one class with that focus, EECS 485, Web Database and Systems.
EECS484 is considered to be relatively easy as well.
Is that ok?
What topics interests you?
Great! Is there any topic in computer science you are most interested in?
Foundations of Computer Science is course EECS376.
You can directly take 203 and 280.
there are two core classes you can take next semester: EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms, and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization, though I don't have information on the course start and end time yet
The size of the EECS281 class numbers 81.
Good bye Varsha!
Have a nice day.
You can absolutly look at EECS 280.
My apologies.
One moment, please let me check for you.
376 is taken after 370 by most students.
EECS183 has an average class size of about 125 people and  EECS 280 has a higher average of about 175
At 10 am the lectures are scheduled for Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Do you think another relatively difficult class next semester is something you could endure?
I'll have to get back to you, I don't know about the flextech requirement
I see you have taken EECS281 and EECS370.
Offering in the morning, I am not sure of that.
Your semester looks too taxing.I think you will be better off taking a level cs class with a lighter load .
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.
You will probably have difficulty in EECS 376 if you had a hard time in EECS 203 and you don't enjoy math. EECS 370 is rather easy and 484 is doable too.
Does this attract you?
Yes, can you specify what question you have?
It is also a capstone.
Yeah, you do have it, the prereq is 280
I would say that EECS281 is difficult as EECS280 and EECS203. Also EECS370 is equally as hard as EECS370.
Does that course sound interesting to you?
I would recommend talking to the general engineering advisor to learn about other courses that you can take so that you can stay a full time student.
Glad to be of service.
Do you like a particular area of computer science?
482 is very heavy workload, i would take an easy class with it
In a semester, how many programming courses would you be willing to take?
373 is taught by a student favorite, Mark Brehob.
From my experience if you will take EECS 281, you might as well get the 4 credits from taking EECS 370.
It is not a problem.
What brings you into my office today?
Looking at your workload I would say yes you could take those three classes.
It's alright, I hope all your questions are answered.
Have you taken any computer science class before?
you do know it's in the morning?
Since you have taken Introduction to Data Structures I think you should be taking EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms next semester.
When speaking about Software Development, EECS381
Do you need assistance on anything else today?
You have to take EECS281 if you want to take software development classes.
How are you?
EECS is my specialty, so I can only offer you guidance for that.
No problem! Can I answer any other questions?
I wouldn't pick either, they are not needed.
For security, EECS 388: Intro to Computer Security is a 4 credit course about computer security. EECS 482: Operating Systems is a 4 credit course that will give you a solid understanding of basic operating systems. EECS 492: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is a 4 credit course on AI.
Another great course is EECS, which is reviewed at 4.13, and there is always EECS 183 reviewed as 3.63.
It is neither light nor heavy.
But, I suggest avoiding taking 482 with those other two since 482 is a class with an very heavy workload.
I can see why you're strong in C++.
Yes, how can I help you?
Wonderful! EECS 485 is a fine class to take. You should consider taking that the semester after you take EECS 281.
Four upper level cs and one capstone are the requirements for graduation.
This could be a heavy work load if you take them together so maybe you could take other easy courses instead.
Since you already have 8 credits, If taking 484 all you need to do is take one more
Does computer science interests you?
A teacher next semester will be Igor L Markov
How difficult of a course are you looking for?
Do you have interest in any other subjects?
170 students on average.
Gratitudes! See you later!
Sorry you feel that way
The class covers a lot of topics, but the material is not that hard because it is an introductory class.
My pleasure, is there something specific I can help you with today?
EECS 281 and 370 are both serious programming projects.
How do you feel about computer science?
With your background, I think you would like EECS281, data structure, and algorithms.
Were you impressed?
It will be Georg Essl as the instructor instead.
Which EECS classes did you like the most?

C. options-for-correct-answers
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 64:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
I suggest you to take eecs203 and eecs280
What are you technology prefereces?
Michael John Cafarella is the teacher of the class.
the helpfullness rate is 4.13/5
I am sure that I can help you with that!
That course's time is 16:30 - 18:00 on all Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Happy I was able to help you. See ya.
That's great.
Programming classes that I know of are only "lighter workload". There are some easier EECS classes  but they have more homework instead of being project based. Are you interested in them?
This could turn out to be a challenging semester, however think it through
Past students have said it is more difficult and has a higher workload.
I don't think it is wisest to choose the easiest course available
What would you like to know about CS?
so if you want a easier one I would suggest choosing only one of them
That is the basic Cryptology course.
What topics interest you?
I would recommend 545 as good for you based upon your expressed proclivities.
Same to you! Bye.
Glad to help
In my opinion, I would suggest to you take EECS 470.
You've already completed EECS 370, 281, and 376
Signing up for EECS370 with EECS281 is a good choice.
You would have an extremely heavy workload if you took all three classes simultaneously.
Can you inform me of your preferences?
Anyways, if you were to only pick one, EECS 281 will open up more higher level CS courses to you, so I would prioritize signing up for it.
EECS 381 scored highly in clarity and helpfulness ratings.
It worths four credits.
You are very welcome! Goodbye.
Generally, 370 is more helpful.
I recommend taking EECS 183 for students in your situation.
The classwork is not overloaded and there are about  100 students in the class
Thank you and youre welcome!
If security is of interest to you, that might also be a good match for you, since you're in 388.
Nice afternoon!
For next semester, you are required by the CS policy to take EECS203 and EECS183.
Is Introduction to Algorithms EECS477 recommended?
Yes, you may take EECS 482 next semester.
Go ahead and try the EECS 478 hardware.
Labs are not with either option.
It focuses on the design of algorithms of some numeric problems.
what can I help you with>
EECS 481 is related to MDE
The best choice for you is EECS470.
Introduction to Computer Organization is taught in EECS 370.
It is only moderate with a rating of 2.8 out of 5 so with this being your only engineering class you will be fine
Do you want classes before noon or after?
If you have prior experience with Calculus then I recommend taking EECS203.
thanks for chatting with me, have a good Monday
For EECS majors, both of those classes are required.
To declare a major in eecs you have to finish both of those classes as they are requirements.
However, students with previous knowledge of machines will find it easier to complete this course successfully.
Although, If you are going to take Machine Learning, I would suggest taking Intro to Artificial Intelligence
It's a difficult course.
If you haven't already, I recommend the very useful class of EECS 482.
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript
10,11,12,13 credits are some options included with this course.
In that case I would suggest both EECS 481 Software Engineering and EECS 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
what are the math requirements?
Advanced designs for circuits of logic is the focus
Definitely, give me a second to check.
Pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, dealing with structuring principles, design methodologies and informal analysis.
I don't know how to answer that, unfortunately.
Taking all three classes at once would be a lot of work.
There are many options available there.
The concepts of the course are, fundamental data structures, tree searches, etc. These concepts further develop your understanding of the subject.
I would like you to pick software engineering (EECS 481)
Would you prefer something that is hardware related?
Did you enjoy the undergraduate research you undertook? If so, you might enjoy taking research courses.
You're interested in what topics?
Hi there. How can I help you?
Is there somehow I can assist you today?
alright I  would advise taking eecs381 if you were fond of 281 and want something that might challenge you.
Why does 281 seem unappealing to you?
One course teaching information systems and web development is EECS 485.
I am sorry, I cannot suggest any other classes right now
That will be a lot of weight.
If you want to graduate this semester you will need four upper level computer science classes
How would you feel about game design classes?
Thank you for the chat this Monday, have a good day!
Tell me what you are interested in.
If you enroll in 280 prior to 203 it may be more difficult because 203 provides information that will help you better understand the material in 280.
do you like circuits
You be needing a C or better to clear the class.
You don't have to take the latter course as a sophomore since it is slightly more challenging.
Was EECS 270 enjoyable?
I saw you is that correct are an IOE major
We have had good ratings for the class in the past.
Based on your prior courses, I recommend taking EECS 280 or EECS 183.
The course load will be slightly heavy with 545 and 485.
Both of those courses are more difficult though.
I highly recommend EECS 376, 370, and 281
Right is what you are.
Do you need any more CS upper level credits?
You are most welcome!
The best one for you is 203.
What size of class do you prefer?
This class is generally considered moderate in difficulty
I've heard it is interesting.
Are you interested in other classes?
A lot of the students here choose to take 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370..

C. options-for-correct-answers
Can you inform me of your preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 65:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
You're most welcome.
You're welcome, bye!
Programming and Introductory Data Structures is EECS280.
No worries, enjoy your day.
Have a wonderful final semester.
Hello, What help can i provide?
Would you be interested in analyzing data?
That is very helpful I think
Definitely! Which major have you considered?
What can I do to help you today?
Difficult, this is not.
Well, normally based on your major and minor, I would suggest EECS 281 next, but since you want your schedule to be easy, I would suggest waiting on that one until next semester.
software eng
Martha E Pollack is a little harder on studemts in eecs203.
Would you rather take classes in the morning or in the afternoon?
You should take EECS545. However, this class is in the morning
Are you more interested in hardware or software?
Taking the classes with  Chinese and Chemistry classes  might be a difficult load.  I would go over the syllabus or professors of the classes for specfics on workload
Sounds good do you need any more help?
Have a wonderful time in 373!
Greetings! Are you okay?
One way to reduce your workload would be to only take EECS 370 next semester and save your electives for senior year.
Maching Learning is the name of the class.
Do you want to complete courses just for fun or is there any requirement?
It seems that you haven't yet taken EECS 203.
If you don't have alot of time, but you do have good proof skills, 376 is the way to go.
It will take me a second to consider your options but thank you for your input.
Hi what can I help you with?
What do you think about EECS 183?
I think you have made the right choice, but you need to remember to fulfill other requirements for your degree.
I think it's better to take EECS203 and EECS280 in a semester and take EECS376 after.
Natural language processing is the same as machine learning.
This will complete your graduate requirements.
If you're not good at math, I would suggest you start with one, try eecs 203
These courses normally have class sizes ranging from 80 to 100.
Are you a Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, or Senior?
Greetings Varsha!
It is a requirement to take EECS 203 before EECS 281.
Great. I suggest taking EECS484.
I found that the EECS 183 was very challenging
your options are good ones
Do you have any other questions?
Intro to Computer Organization is the course title for EECS 370 and the class itself teaches students how low-level language and computer hardware interact
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.
Most people usually complete it with 370.
You should take 281 next semester.
You need to take EECS 203 and EECS 280.
You've already completed EECS 370, 281, and 376
I see that you completed the pre-requisites, so you can accept the class.
i'm happy to help.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
I assume you have some experience on data systems since you have taken database course 484.
Given your completion of a few math and physics classes
Sure, what kind of courses are you interested in taking?
I recommend taking EECS 492 since you have seen westworld, it will teach you about AI.
Which one do you want to know more, microprocessor, computer architecture, and logic circuit synthesis?
It introduces the foundations of computer science.
EECS 485 helps you know how the web functions and 484 teaches you about databases and memory. They're useful taken in tandem, but deadlines can overlap so its not good for procrastinators. The info from these classes is useful down the road.
Any concerns or questions about the course?
No I'm an engineering advisor
No, it is tough because it is similar to EECS 370.
The Easiness Rating is 3.08 for EECS 492 (Introduction t Artificial Intelligence), and 2 for EECS 477 (Intro to Algorithms). Thus EECS 477 is easier.
If you want to play it safe, EECS281, EECS376, and another 4 credit class might be a better option.
From 3-5pm is when it's available
Hi, what sort of help do you need from me?
Sounds awesome! It appears you took 281, 370, and 376 already so you have the pre reqs to take pretty much any class you want!
Students are working at least and addtional 10 hours on this course weekly, outside of the lecture hall.
MATH116 is a useful math course and a pre-requisite  for many other advanced courses; therefore, I guess you take MATH116.
The professor who teaches EECS484 is easy to understand.
Current enrollment is around 55 students.
It is hard to say but it could be 4 times a week
3.67 is the easiness rating of this class.
Did you like EECS 370?
Hi, how may I help?
494 probably requires around 12 hours per week and 376 would require around 5 hours per week
There are lots of paid research opportunities that I would look into going after! If you liked 370, you might really enjoy research involving artificial intelligence and machine learning. Jenna Weins would be a great person to contact.
You will find that the workload for more than 2 EECS classes per semester is too hard.
And also you, goodbye!
May I be of assistance today?
If that's what you decide, I'd suggest that you'd take something easier, like EECS477.
Since you haven't taken EECS 370, and it's required for graduation and many other ULCS classes, I suggest that you take EECS 370.
Would you rather improve your programming techniques or your mathematical foundations?
What is your interest?
It is Database Management Systems.
Do you prefer an easy class?
If your interested I can tell you about machine learning class. It is called EECS 545
Is Software Development what you mainly want to study?
I recommend you also enroll in three other classes: EECS 376, EECS 475, and EECS 370.
Which section of Engineering 100?
Glad I could help! Bye!
No prob
Did you need assistance with anything else?
The lecturer is good at explaining the concepts from my experience with him.
For example, I suggest taking EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms, EECS 370 Computer Organization, or EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, next semester
Yes, That's the reason why we're here.
I advise that you complete your core requirements as quickly as you can.
Do you want to take your MDE next semester?
Welcome today!
Greetings. What can I do for you?
Can you tell me the topics and fields of interest that you have?
According to past feedback, clarity rating is 3.77

C. options-for-correct-answers
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 66:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
Of course! No problem!
Yeah, it is quite possible to take some of those classes in the morning but you will now be able to take all of them first thing in the morning
No problem. I can be found here anytime.
Workload is about a 3
I would add that you should take  eecs549 since this course is centered around information retrieval.
Given your background, you may find this course difficult.
Excellent idea! I believe a popular follow-up for juniors who pass those two courses is EECS 373, which they take the next semester.
I suggest that you take EECS281 which has an Easiness Rating of 2.53.
Ok, then, are there any other questions?
Given your background, EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization is too tough for you
Is a large class fine with you?
Alright, wonderful! I am here to assist. What question can I answer for you?
You can use Algorithms Data Structures EECS281 that is the beginning class for EECS student.
Sorry, I meant EECS 376 and EECS 370.
A computer science class?
You should get your core courses down asap.
Is there another question you have?
Given how you only took ENGR101 that won't happen.
Fantastic
Goodbye!
Do you have another question?
These courses will take more time - but are both very rewarding and worth the extra effort.
Can I answer any other questions for you today?
However its in the morning.
Not an issue!
Yes, EECS280 and EECS203 can be taken together.
I prefer EECS484, which is database management systems.
Hi, how may I assist you today?
I recommend you taking EECS484, since you've already taken 281.
EECS484 and EECS492? Is that what you're saying?
Greetings, how might I help you?
I see you completed all the prerequisites for CS.
The Easiness Rating for EECS 492, Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, is 3.08, while the easiness rating for EECS 477, Intro to Algorithms, is 2. Hence EECS 477 would be easier
yes, and it has help sessions, and the class size is on average 81.4
Hi! How can I assist you today?
It's not a problem!
You're already ahead of where you ought to be schedule wise
EECS 441 has a class size of 50, and EECS 571 is about 10 students
It is of less than average difficulty
Okay! I wish you to have a nice day!
Otherwise, there are special topics which may be related to AI.
what are you majoring in?
Your final choice could be 485 if you want to go with a web technology selection or 381 if you are leaning more towards a software course.
Hi, what can I do to help you with today?
That would be great! Yes!
Yeah! What information shall I share with you?
My suggestion is for you to definitely take 281 next semester!
Do you need any other advice?
4 upper level electives are required for you.
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.
that class is an intro level class yes
In that case I would suggest both EECS 481 Software Engineering and seminar EECS 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
Do you like cryptography?
Yes, You can take it and graduate in summer also.
Hi Chong! How can I help you?
I would recommend that you take the basic course MATH116 to prepare for advanced courses in your sophomore year.
Hi, what can I help you with?
if you're majoring in computer science, it appears that you're almost done.
It is in introductory class, so it is not difficult in terms of material, but it does cover a large number of topics.
I believe you would enjoy EECS 370 based on your preferences.
Hello!
Are there lots to pick from?
Yes, that works!
So, you can do some required classes like EECS 370 and 376. You can take pretty much any upper level you wish. An upper level elective you may be interested in is EECS 485 - web development.
I would recommend finishing 281 and 370 before getting into upper levels like EECS 475
Are you interested in Machine Learning?
EECS475, Introduction to Cryptography, is from 10:30 to noon.
Are there any more questions?
you are most welcome
The difficulty of this course is only 2.23.
David R Chesney is teaching EECS 481 next semester.
It is not particularly light or heavy.
A lot of opinions you have
Not sure.
EECS 482 is a recommended class for you. Helpfulness rating 4.07, easiness rating 2.17.
Both hardware and software it elaborates.
You're welcome! Have a nice day
Let's see what we have here...
Yeah. What is your major?
I like some of the options you offer.
I'd like for you to call me Yiting.
The easiness level of the task is 2.
Does that sound like something you would enjoy?
So in terms of opening up other classes, it is a fine idea to take it
I believe with your resume, EECS 494 Game Design and Development would be the best course for you to take.
I would like to meet with you. What is a good time for you?
You are very welcome, farewell!
Hi, is there anything you need today?
Great! We have a class on artificiall intelligence. You could take EECS 492 next semester!
For Sure! Anything else?
Your going to be ok.
How can I assist you?
Are you upset?
The thing that many of the student's who take these courses do is enroll in 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370.
Not an issue. Anything else to ask?
Excellent, is there anything I can help you with?
In addition, EECS281 will complete your requirements.
Hi!
280 and 203 are the general prerequisites for CS, and it requires the most coding.
Is Data Structures and Algorithms EECS 281?

C. options-for-correct-answers
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 67:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
Is this a thing that would be good for you?
203 is a wonderful class.
You can retake the course
Since you've completed EECS 183 and EECS 280, your next one should be EECS 281. All three are required for CS majors.
Ok, that is very good!
A good general course that many people take is Databases (484), which has applications in many areas of CS.
Also, there aren't really any other hardware courses next semester.
Are you referring to a computer science class?
If you liked that class, CS is a very popular major!
These are what I suggest you take first.
Will you take EECS376, Foundations of Computer Science?
Maybe a breadth course?
It is 4 credits total.
What exactly are you looking for?
The next logical courses to take would be EECS 280 or EECS 183.
Have a great night.
There is a hefty workload, but it won't be hard for you based on your EECS281 performance.
You can complete your graduate requirement with the help of this.
Since you took EECS592, Advanced AI would be good also.
Professors are really helpful, so I think you can pass upper level classes by going to office hours.
Yes you might make EECS 381 as stated by those classes you bring Awhile ago made.
You might need to take some fundamental econ class in advance because of your background.
Have a pleasant 24 hours.
Nice of you to stop in today. What can we help you with?
Yep sounds good. Do you have other questions?
Many students who have taken the two together say that they complement each other well.
It should be fine if you take both 376 and 492. 376 is average while 492 is slightly harder than average.
For Technical Electives, what are you interested in?
or a software-based setting?
Were you the one who made the appointment
I highly recommend Professor Lee, as his classes are good.
Anything else I can help you with?
EECS 203 and ENGR 101 has already been taken by you
The EECS course is not easy but I believe you are capable.
Can I help you with anything else?
Good morning to you.
Absolutely, what classes are you interested in
If you have an interest in algorithms, I'd recommend that class, but it would be better to take when you have more experience.
Based on your previous courses, EECS481 Software Engineering, EECS484 Database Management Systems, and EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems would be good for you, depending on what specific areas you are interested in.
Since you have very limited previous programming experience, this class would be a perfect starting point.
Microcomputing is difficult compared to programming but it'd be good if you like hardware.
Since the latter course is slightly more challenging, you do not have to take it as a sophomore.
Seeing as the two courses are only moderate on their workload you could take them together.
Is that it for you?
You would really be interested in EECS485 (Web Database and Information Systems)
It's complicated math
Hi! Yes you can take EECS 478 (Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization) which is a relatively medium course.
486 is appealing to many and does not contain difficult code.
Since it's an introductory class, I think it shouldn't be too bad.
Taking EECS370 with EECS281 is a good choice.
Given the difficulty level of EECS 281, I don't recommend taking other difficult courses alongside it.
You should be able to manage these courses, considering your background.
You have to take EECS 281 before being allowed to take most of the upper level cs courses.
EECS373 I think may also be good for you
Linear algebra will be very important for ULCS courses.
EECS484 is not nearly as hard as EECS482.
I think it's a good match for your background.
Sure, not a problem!
What about the courses Elementary Programming Concepts and Discrete Mathematics?
How much workload are you going to have ?
The workload of EECS280 and EECS281 are the same but EECS370 is more difficult.
Which of the classes have you already done?
Based off of that, Id recommend EECS 281 and EECS 376
Yes, I suggest EECS376 EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science
Please don't worry about it.
EECS280 may also be of interest to you.
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes
However, it is recommended that you take a linear algebra course such as MATH 214 or 217. It isn't required, but you should have at least some knowledge of linear algebra.
Have a lovely day!
As finite state machines are involved in this class, 370 may come handy.
Are morning or evening classes preferred by you?
Yes. I also suggest you take  eecs203 Discrete Math. It will help you with understanding upper level cs classes in the future.
So far, how's your freshman year going?
I would suggest EECS 280 and EECS 203.
Alright.   Can you tell me what topics interest you?
The class usually has about 167 people.
EECS 183 would be my recommendation.
You as well. So long!
Since you took EECS592 previously, you should enroll in Advanced AI next.
This is a difficult job with a lot of work.
The name of EECS445 is machine learning
We can probably work something out. Would you say you're more interested in the theoretical, mathematical side of things, or more into practical application?
You're so welcome
Good night!
I strongly suggest you  to take EECS376
Logic design and electronic circuits are inclined towards electronics and logic circuits, both of which you have taken.
This class is a requirement for graduation.
Do you also have an interest in software development?
Be aware, though, that EECS 281 is a difficult course. Many people who take EECS 281 don't take another EECS course because of the workload.
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript
Hi!
I regret to inform you I do not have that information.
Would you consider a minor in CS?
For graduating in 3 years major in CS
EECS183 is fun, and it will make you more interesting in become a programer
You do not, no.
EECS 482 is what I would recommend for you.
Do you have the ability to tell me what your are interested in?
It was my pleasure.
The next EECS classes you have to take are easier than EECS203!

C. options-for-correct-answers
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 68:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
Sounds great, EECS 281 fits into this and the classes are scheduled in the morning
Have a nice day, okay.
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.
Sure, have a nice day.
A heavier one is better when it's 376 because 376 is light.
Generally, about 170 students enroll in this course.
If you take EECS 280 and EECS 203 you will be on your way to graduation!
Taking EECS 280 now will allow you to take classes that you find interesting in the future
Are you keen on portable applications?
Have you ever thought about taking EECS 588? It will be more theory and paper related, but the professor is supposed to be the best in his field
Go on, okay
The other engineering courses are in your schedule
I suggest the EECS281 class it has an Easiness rating of 2.53.
When speaking about Software Development, EECS381
The courses you have chosen might be difficult due to previous work you have completed.
If you start with EECS 281 in your schedule then you can start upper level CS courses immediately.
Based on your interests, I'd suggest taking EECS470 -- computer architechture.
Confidently sure
I am wondering if the workload is too much for the semester.
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science would be a good class, I believe.
I would take it if I was you.
The only upper level CS class you've taken is EECS 272, so if you want to graduate after this semester, you need to do all three. Keep in mind that you also need to take EECS 376 to graduate. If you do them all in the same semester, there will be a lot of work and programming involved.
Since it was only rated as a 3 on a 1-5 scale, Machine Learning is pretty easy.
Taking EECS482 is a class I would recommend.
You've only done one upper level CS class, EECS 475. You'll need to do three more as well as one MDE.
Welcome.
According to helpfulness and clarity ratings, EECS 381 scored high.
I've heard Extreme Weather is pretty cool if you want to branch out from EECS.
This course should not be difficult given your previous courses.
Which kind of courses do you prefer?
Since you have an interest in math you may consider either 565 or 560.
Well really you're ahead of the game in terms of scheduling.
Do you have anything else to ask?
You'll have to finish around 54 more credits or so before you're eligible for graduation
Unfortunately, I am not able to make that decision
The EECS 281 is a challenging class, that is relevant to your interests.
I recommend taking EECS 281 and EECS 370.
You can do EECS 493.
Enjoy yourself from dawn to dusk.
The goal of the class is to teach students the basic components of the software life-cycle
Are there any other topics that interest you?
Does that sound interesting?
Hi, any questions?
You too. See you.
OK great! I suggest you take EECS 281, and either EECS 370 or EECS 376 next semester
Does this grasp your interest?
Would you like to keep going on the track?
I think you should take Machine Learning, if you are interested.
Yi, what do you need?
Does computer science and programming interest you?
It covers elementary concepts such as algorithm, data structures and so forth using high-level programming language (python)
It appears that you don't have much experience in programming.
As, you have only taken one upper level CS course, EECS 475. You need three more upper level CS classes and one MDE.
Your course records show you have taken enough philosophy classes. It would be better for you to sign up for more math classes this time.
In regards of EECS484 Database Management Systems, is that something you are interested in?
You're welcome. Later!
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else today?
2 is the easy rating for this course.
Usually people don't enroll in those classes in the same semester.
I can recommend it as another moderate course.
There isn't.
Have you tried doing a math minor
You've already taken course 281 so you should move on to EECS484.
Could we meet on Thursday?
While that is a smart decision, you must not forget to fulfill the other requirements for your degree.
Hey Varsha how are you?
Is it worth taking the introductory data structure course?
Number one Machine Learning.
545 will be a good choice in learning machine.
For that, you're welcome.
They all are heavier in workload when compared with the courses you have taken.  A slightly better choice may be EECS481.
EECS203 Discrete Math is a recommended class you should take.
According to previous students, EECS280 scores 4.13 and EECS183 scores 3.63. But both are very helpful courses according to the scores.
You're in your sophomore year, right?
One of the easier ones is EECS489 which is Computer Networks.
Okay, I would research those classes and see what you need the most if I were you, is there anything else you need?
You have two empty spaces to fill with classes
Smaller classes are recommended as better for a student to learn and interact with the teacher.
Why is that? are you having course load that is looking pretty heavy next semester?
Yes. What can I help you with today?
After checking your preference of clarity, EECS 481 would be recommended for you
The workload for both is fairly neutral.
EECS470 is something I would recommend.
EECS203 is required for taking any higher level courses.
Absolutely! Not a problem!
And this is for EECS 281 which is 2.53
The helpfulness rating was really high, which was 4.07.
Is what EECS 376 involves. EECS 370 is about designing and building "simple" computers to understand how computers execute programs
This class is a 4 credit class
I think 3 or 4 classes would work for your schedule.
Entrepreneurs who want mobile app development should take eecs 441.
And EECS 280 as well.
I would recommend  Introduction to Artificial Intelligence as the other MDE option
According to your background, I recommend you to take one of these EECS 470: Computer Architecture and EECS 478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization FA 2011
May I help you today?
No problem. Good luck!
The world's your oyster as far as electives go, so long as your other requirements are fulfilled.
Though I would suggest that if you only want to take one EECS class that isn't too difficult, 280 would be the one to sign up for.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
It runs from 3-pm.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 69:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
I'm not sure, it would depend on if other students drop it. The class is small, but you still may have a chance.
Yes, you can take EECS 492 Intro to Artificial Intelligence or EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems, which have a comparatively larger class sizes.
How hard would you like the class to be?
Most pupils take 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370.
EECS 376, which is Foundations of Computer Science, is like an extension of EECS 203.
I think Jia Deng next, and next year Johnson-Roberson.
EECS 441, which is mobile app development, is reported to be a relatively easy upper level class
Did you like ENGR, MATH, PHYSICS, or CHEM the best?
Engineering is difficult. If you work diligently...
You should take EECS203 (Discrete Math) if you are interested in Computation Theory.
Can you handle having both in the same semester?
So, you can do some required classes like EECS 370 and 376. You can take pretty much any upper level you wish. An upper level elective you may be interested in is EECS 485 - web development.
Do you need to ask another question?
Hi Varsha! What's up with you today? What can I help you with?
Next semester you should probably take 370 and 281 at the same time.
CS requirements, you only need 1 more upper-level and your MDE
Hi!
EECS183 comes before EECS280.
The two other classes you might want to take are EECS 376 Foundations of CS, and EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms. The first is required, but they are both light classes.
How about your preference for how many students are in a single class?
hello! What can I help you with?
Top of the morning.
Hi! How can I assist you today?
It is generally found by people that 370 has a light to moderate workload
Advisory prerequisites include a linear algebra class and a statistics class.
Yes, that would actually cover one of your upper level
EECS 183 will give you more detail on programming material and that might be better for you.
A good course would be EECS183
Great, it looks like you still haven't taken EECS 281 though, so you should probably take it next semester.
I think you can take these two courses simultaneously,judging by your previously taken courses.
I suggest that you take EECS 478 along with a history class dealing with middle age art as you took HISTART101
The instructor is Seth Pettie.
What in the EECS field interests you?
You should take 281 the next semester.
Hello, I'm fine. How are you?
Of course! Don't mention it! :)
EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281 are all great courses that satisfy cs major requirements
Do you have any specific areas in mind?
Given your interest in web technology and your desire for a lower workload I suggest that you take EECS 484
If you decide to do that, I think I should suggest taking something easier, like EECs477.
Linear algebra will help a lot for ULCS courses.
Is there anything you're thinking of?
Based on your experience, I think you should take EECS481 Software Engineering, EECS484 Database Management Systems, and EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems.
Hi! What is the type of advising that you need?
EECS370, EECS281, and EECS376
In a minute I’ll pull your profile.
Since you are interested in ML and have not taken eecs445, I suggest taking it as it is challenging but not too hard.
281 Data structures and algorithm is what I recommend.
My suggestion is database management.
You're welcome.  Thank you.
Around 170 students
I'm sure I was somewhat helpful!
It might be more difficult to take 280 before 203 because you'll learn a lot of useful information that will help you understand the material in 280.
I would look into pursuing one of the many paid research opportunities. You might really like artificial intelligence and machine learning if you liked 370. It would be a great idea to get in touch with Jenna Weins.
Is there anything you'd like me to answer?
Sorry, no.
The only courses you can take this semester are EECS 281, 370, or 376 since you have only taken EECS 280 and 203.
What kinds of classes have you enjoyed in the past?
I have taken 183 and now trying to decide between 280 and 203, which should I take?
Alrighty, are you looking to find a specific subject?
Hey! How can I help you out today?
How's everything going?
You're welcome. Bye!
Is there anything else I can do?
Hello, student.
Hi, how can I help you?
EECS484 is a prerequisite course for EECS584.
It is offered at 1:30-3 PM and has 45 students.
Any other questions?
Depend upon your background, I'd recommend taking EECS376.
EECS376 is an introduction to computation theory: finite automata, regular languages, pushdown automata, context-free languages, Turing machines, recursive languages and functions, and computational complexity.
The morning has a number of classes.
Okay, see ya!
Absolutely how can I meet your requirements?
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.
much obliged, and you too
i've witnessed you have done all the prerequisites for cs
Are you looking for suggestions for classes?
Why do you like to take your MDE next semester?
EECS482 is one that I would recommend.
What question would you like to ask today?
This semester will be hard. You should take another term.
That is a great class for you.
I think you can do well in EECS203
Taking EECS183, elementary programming concepts, would be best for you based on your history.
Humanities and other general credits that are not BS credits fall under the breadth course umbrella.
Take 445 instead, it's easier.
May I suggest classes that would be suitable?
What can I do for you today?
Is there anything I can help you with?
How may I be of help?
It is better to separate those two classes in different semesters.
Hello! What would you like to discuss today?
I would recommend EECS477 if that's your field of interest.
Thanks for showing up
"You are successesful in 3 computer science classes?"
I can't wait until we meet again!
At the same time, taking Discrete Math is a requirement for supplementing the knowledge gained by studying Computer Science.
What can I do for you AJ?
EECS492 is an introduction to Artificial Intelligence you could try

C. options-for-correct-answers
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 70:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
The professor earned a helpfulness rating of +4 because they were really helpful.
Today, do you require any assistance from me?
373 is a good class, if you can handle  difficult course work.
I suggest that you also take EECS 203.
What's your grades?
Yes, absolutely.
Terrific, It seems like it is just right for you!
EECS 281,370,376 are all core cs classes you should take
Databases, do you know anything about those ?
Is EECS of any relevance to you?
Is there something related to AI that you are interested in?
Can I address any concerns?
It's quite a bit easier.
In that situation, I would choose EECS482.
The easiness rating for this class is 3.08
that class will help you in future courses
Hello
Taking Discrete Math is a really good idea.
No, there is not.
That course deals with Interactive Computer Graphics.
I advise you to get used to larger class sizes.
AI has a very important course,EECS445.
I am Sorry, I can only give feedback on EECS classes.
Taking EECS 281 will open up upper level CS courses right away.
This course contains basic algorithm analysis, foundational data structures and basic algorithms.
Correct, 441 has a semester long group project.
Yes, you have had solid report cards.
EECS 203 is a class about mathematical concepts
Hey there Shane!
I hope you have an awesome day!
Nope, it's mid level.
Hope you do great next semester
Do you prefer large or small classes?
Sadly, no.
If you are looking for software dev, 481 will be an excellent selection.
EECS 370 is harder than ##CS 376, but easier than EECS 281.
Hello how can I help you today?
That class is somewhat large.
I would suggest taking 2 of the three available courses, beginning with 281 and 370.  You'll want to take 376 with an upper level CS course after that.
Awesome! You have a nice day!
It is not a heavy workload at all.
Do you want to look at the list of intellectual breath classes available to you?
I really think sophomores should take 376 too.
You will find this one okay, if you also found EECS 280 AND 285 not too difficult
Classes that deal with Software Infrastructure Applications would make sense to take next like EECS 376 or 281.
Nice. Go for it.
Besides Hardware, do you have any other preferences?
When choosing between web or software development, which is your preference?
You should finish all EECS coursework before anything else.
EECS484 and EECS 485 are recommended by myself.
Requirements for upper level CS courses are completion of 203 and 280.
web or software development, which one you like more?
Would you like to try a non-technical course with this schedule, or do you think you can handle another EECS course?
Did you take any previous math classes?
Greetings pupil, what questions do you want to ask today?
You should take EECS545. However, this class is in the morning
Organizing computers.
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Do you have any other course recommendations to take with that?
You are required to take EECS370 and EECS370 to receive a Computer Science degree as well as to take other upper-level Computer Science classes.
The ML course is not one that you have taken.
Any of these stand out to you?
You can consider taking EECS 492 which is an AI course, or EECS 545 which is about Machine Learning.
This is a very hard EECS class but I believe you can do it.
Project due dates shouldn't be a problem in 376 or 492 because they aren't as programming-heavy as most EECS courses.
The instructor's name is Martha E Pollack. The class is easy, take it.
Does that arouse your curiosity?
How do you like EECS477?
There is one class in that field: EECS 485: Web Database and Systems
I hope next semester goes well.
As there are no big end of semester projects, so moderate.
Let me think for a bit
If you do, i would suggest something easier like EECS 477
As per me you should take another class since you have already taken this class
As you're a sophomore in computer science that have not taken 280 and 203 yet, I'd suggest taking EECS280 and EECS203 along with another 4 to maybe 6 credits depending.
What is your preference of class size?
Computer Science, you like?
You are nice to meet.
Its rating is 4.31 which is more than 90% of EECS courses.
Have a good one then!
EECS topics cutting edge is everything.
What brings you in today?
I have no information , but I have a hunch he's great
Would there be anything more? My pleasure.
There could be 65-70 people in the Cryptography class.
In that case, I would suggest EECS482.
Perhaps the class EECS 280 or EECS 183 since it's more broad.
482 teaches you many topics which are important for operating system design and implementations. You learn multi-tasking; concurrency and synchronization; inter-process communication; deadlock; scheduling; resource allocation; memory and storage management; input-output; file systems; protection and security.
Ok, I might recommend getting your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, out of the way first.
Is there anything else I might do for you today?
If I understand, on Monday and Wednesday, the class is at 9-10 am.
Another option is for you to take EECS492, which is an introduction to Artificial intelligence.
If you like web development than EECS 485 is a great class to learn the basics and make web apps with flask.
Also, the class includes CSS, HTML, Javascript, and AngularJS.
EECS 271 is our introductory level class teaching algorithm analysis and O-notation.
Do you have anything else to ask me?
The information isn't available for the class times. Sorry.
If you want to be a software engineer or data scientist. I think you should know things like linear algebra and probability.
Okay, are you happy enough with majoring in CS?
EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is similar in class size and easiness rating.

C. options-for-correct-answers
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 71:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
Any concerns or questions about the course?
Course 281 covers basic data structures, which is essential if you're looking to major in Computer Science.
How can i assist you with classes?
Hello student, what would you like to ask today?
EECS482 is related to software development and computing infrastructure
you are welcome.
EECS 477, based on your background, should be pretty easy for you.
I'm fine. How can you be helped by me today?
485 is a good choice for a web technology course or your last class could be 385 if you'd rather choose a course more for software.
Hello, what did you need assistance with?
Would web design and database interest you?
Take 583 if you want to know compiler.
Do you have an interest in programming?
I believe you should then select EECS 441, mobile app development.
What questions do you have
Around 120 students
Have you chosen a major?
Hello! What kind of advising do you need?
So what are your requirements?
Thank you.  That is all.
Take a look at the online course workload survey if you want to base your schedule purely on difficulty.
You should take EECS492 which is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
The door of advising is open and you are are always welcome.
It isnt light or heavy that much.
You could take EECS 489 Computer Networks
You can handle 373 based on the courses you have taken.
We unfortunately don't have previous course ratings for 470 on how difficult students thought it was
If you don't have any questions, you're good to go!
I take the EECS 280
EECS 281 is a difficult class with a lot of work.
What's more, this course is not too difficult.
Are EECS 543 knowledge-based systems an option?
Since you go to this school and are a capable student yes you can.
Course EECS445 is machine learning.
EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization is not very difficult and has a moderate workload so you could sign up for that.
All in all, I think every semester, one should take 2 EECS classes.
Is there something I can help you with?
As of now you have only taken one upper level CS course so far, EECS 475. You still lack one MDE and three more upper level CS courses.
It is probably not possible since you have only taken ENGR101.
The difficulty rating is approximately 2.5, so it should be fine.
The workload for EECS477 is medium
Not sure.
which begins at 15:00 and finishes at 16:00
I recommend taking EECS 280 and 203 in the same semester
the helpfullness rate is 4.13/5
If you're looking for a great security class, I recommend EECS 388, introduction to security
Okay that sounds good. What area interests you the most in Computer Science?
You will learn how to implement different data structures in your code.
Hi Mara! How are you doing today?
This class will teach you about NP-completeness. You are encouraged by me to take it if you wanna learn more.
Since you're finished with EECS281, you are able to take most of the upper level CS courses. Some of my suggestions are EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, or EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
To complete your MDE, you must take Tech Com 497 with EECS 496: Professionalism and Development. You must then select one design class. Your options include EECS 481: Software Engineering, EECS 441: App Development, EECS 494: Game development, or EECS 470.
The two classes are great and don't require a lot of work.
EECS 478 concerns advanced design of logic circuits and other things.
Given how you only took ENGR101 that won't happen.
Sorry, I meant EECS 376 and EECS 370.
Leave 492 and take 545
EECS 381, 482 are not very easy courses
Would you also like to take a math course next year?
Based on your background, I recommend taking EECS281 data structures and algorithms.
I see you have taken EECS 281. I recommend that you should take both EECS 370 and 376 next semester
I suggest taking EECS 281 right away after you finish 280 and 203, since 281 will allow you to take most upper level classes
I would stay away from adding a third class that is difficult
This course isn't that difficult, only 2.23.
Have a nice day!
With your background, it is a good fit.
Are you feeling better about scheduling classes?
Maybe some of the econ minor requirements can be taken with it by you.
This class shouldn't be extremely demanding, based on the classes you've taken.
What would you like?
Hello! How can I help you today?
You may look up past ratings at http://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/all_survey.2016.htm.
The event begins at noon and lasts until 1:30pm.
EECS 381 should only be taken if you are highly motivated towards Software Development because it's a challenging course.
Would you like afternoon courses?
Class sizes ranging from 80 to 100 can normally be expected from these courses.
I suggest you to take EECS281 and EECS370 as they are prerequisites for most upper classes.
EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281 are all courses that fulfill cs major requirements.
You're welcome
Planning to major in EECS?
Smaller classes are better for student to learn and interact with the teacher.
One of the math requirements for CSE would be good take, as well.
no, I'm doing engineering advising job
Sure. I recommend you take EECS 281 and EECS 376 together.
The 595 teacher is Professor Mihalcea.
I've noticed you took the EECS 477 course.
Hi! How's your day?
Our introductory OS class is EECS 482 and it's in OS!
Hold it. I can check it for you.
Okay, what sort of fields of computer science are you interested in?
You  may want to start with something a little more basic. It's been some time since you took Engineering 101 and were coding.
You should take EECS 281 and EECS 370 in the same semester.
It is not believed by me that it is wisest to just choose the easiest course available
Sorry I cannot tell you their schedules, my database if not yet updated.
It is not set.
Since you have taken some math and physics classes
Do you want to take a course that is for your major
Because EECS183 has a score of 3.42/5 it is moderately difficult.
Would you like to question anything else?
Inform me on what topic you are interested in.

C. options-for-correct-answers
So what are your requirements?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 72:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
Do you need help with anything else?
Great! Then EECS 485 might be just the thing that you're looking for.
Both classes are excellent that are reasonable in worload
I would be happy to. What are your expectations for your last semester? Do you want an easy schedule or hard schedule?
Are you considering taking a class about fundamentals of programming languages?
A class that requires a good deal of work is EECS 281.
Have a pleasant 24 hours.
Hi there, Ian. How is your day?
You're welcome!
I believe if you are comfortable with you time management skills this is doable
I do not know the class schedule for EECS203.
How could I serve you today?
What do you need help with today?
I don't have any other courses that are currently reccommended for you, besides 376.
I would advise taking eec477 if that’s your field of interest
I would recommend you ask the instructors Yaoyun Shi and David R Chesney
Everything is fine.  We will talk later.
Do you prefer ideas that are more practical or theoretical?
It looks like you have already taken ENGR 151, so you got that in your favor.
This teacher has a low clarity and helpfulness rating, and his name is John Patrick Hayes.
Sweet, I hope you are going to have a great semester.
Computer networks and security
You're welcome.
Cool, I see you've taken 485. I think 484 is a good class that focuses on databases, which is important for backend
So, did you want to do EE, CE or CS? Or any combination from it?
You need to complete EECS 203 first.
One large class is EECS485.
Are you interested in Linguistics courses?
What do you need help with today?
What topics interest you?
That's great.
Most students enjoy the moderate workload and subject matter of EECS 484.
There are lots of classes such as EECS 494, EECS 381, and EECS 481 have clear professors
Although this class would be theoretical than 281. You should keep that in mind.
Yes
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.
Seeing that you are more interested in software development, I would tell you to take the EECS484.
Yes, it's a programming course.
As you are also interested in Software Development applications, EECS494 is a good class for you.
Based on your backgroud, you may find this course difficult
Ok ?
Tell me what I can assist you with today.
Although, definitely as you move into these upper level coursesI wouldn't recommend missing lectures like you did in 280, you might fall behind.
What other subjects are of interest to you?
It can be described as Advanced EECS 203.
Is EECE 373 Design of Microprocessor Based System something that would appeal to you?
People who want to take another EECS course in addition to 281 should take 376 because 376 is not a project-based course like 281 and 370.
What is your preference, science or literature?
I am glad I was of service, good bye.
You have attended Engr 101 and more than one Calculus coarse.
281 involves a lot of programming. 376 is more theory based. It will be a nice mix.
A few ULCS electives you might find interesting are EECS485, Web Database and Information Systems.
EECS 485 has a heavier workload than EECS 484, but both are pretty easy.
Is logic circuit synthesis and optimization something you are interested in?
I would recommend taking EECS 484, EECS 370 and 376.
Ok. Based on your situation, I suggest you take EECS489 later and first take the prerequisite in this semester.
Each class is 3 credits
In the next semester, I hope you do well.
A good recommendation for CE class would be taking EECS373 : Design of Microprocessor Based Systems. It has a higher easiness rating as per other students and would go well with EECS281.
You completed ENGR101 so your next step should be EECS 183
Would you be interested in doing that?
What areas of study are you interested in?
What ever it is in addition you need to know, please go ahead and ask and I can help you understand.
I think EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor Based System, EECS 470: Computer Architecture, EECS 485: Web Database and Information Systems, EECS 484 Database Management Systems will be the best classes, considering your interests.
Among medium-sized course, I suggest Software Engineering.
Those courses are both project based so taking them together can lead to a higher than average workload so I would take a lighter class with those if you choose to take both.
You're welcome
Hello, Today what did you need help with?
Do you have any interest in Machine Learning?
That sounds terrific! Within Computer Science, what interests you most?
Hello, how are you?
My advice is to take both courses.
482 can be very demanding and can create a very busy semester when combined with other EECS classes. However, more students find that it can be taken with humanities class with no problems.
Hello, how can I help you, Chong?
The Easiness score is: 2.53 for EECS281
That's great! Does database interest you? I recommend you to take EECS 484 as one of the courses for next semester?
You can take 482, 484, 487, 481,485,477, 483, 493, or 441.
Yes, and with your background, you're eligible to take EECS 370.
On Monday and Wednesday, the course is being held.
What do you need help with today?
I think you have made the right choice, but you need to remember to fulfill other requirements for your degree.
I would advise Physics 240 and an intellectual breadth course of your discretion so that you can continue on course.
Is there anything else that you are interested in?
You are interested in what?
Hello Student
Let me help with that.
Prerequisites will need to be taken first.
The professors alternate between CSE and ECE professors, but Jia Deng is a good professor.
These courses are basic ones that include elementary coding and math concepts. These will be essential to master before moving on to more challenging courses.
EECS 373 is an easier class if thats what you're looking for
No problem! Come back any time
Hello, how are you?
EECS481 Software Engineering would be a good choice for you.
You're welcome.
With the double major it will be hard to graduate in 3years
Are you interested in seeing a list of your intellectual breath class options?
Do databases intrigue you?
The classes EECS 281, 370 and 376 would be a good choice for you based on my recommendation.
My pleasure.
An important course for AI is EECS445.

C. options-for-correct-answers
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 73:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
Generally, there are about 167 people in that class.
In the software development area there are upper level courses you could take.
If you want to further your programming experience, both of these courses are the logical next steps of the courses you've already taken.
You would just need to take EECS370 and EECS281 and one upper level elective
You have the prerequisite, EECS 281, and with your interest in database, why don't you take EECS 484?
It's not difficult, just of average easiness.
As you are a CSE major, you will not need to take EECS 183, since you've already taken ENG100
I'm happy to hear that! Bye now!
You should definitely take EECS 281.
Will there be anything else?
I recommend taking a senior design course to fulfill your graduation requirements.
Yea. In that case, I still have many courses available. Which area are you interested in Web Technology or Software development?
Are you interested in this course?
I can only recommend you on CS classes, and it looks like you have the pre-reqs to take EECS 280 (Programming and Introductory Data Structures), EECS 203 (Discrete Math), or EECS 183 (Elementary Programming Concepts)
EECS 203 focuses more on Discrete Mathematics. You'll learn the ideas behind computer systems.
So, what's next?
An easy class you should take is by the instructor Martha E Pollack.
I am not sure, the difficulty rating for 483 is not currently available.
Right now you can take upper level CS course, 376 to graduate, 482 for operating systems, 373 about microprocessor systems, and 485.
Groovy! Because you liked the size of the class, and the content of EECS 203, I would recommend EECS 376: Foundations of Computer Science.
I would suggest not taking too many tough classes with EECS 281, given how difficult is it.
About one hundred.
Hello!
It studies data structure and algorithms and it's got a heavy workload.
How are you doing today?
EECS 373 is the only upper level CS course you've taken as of now. So if you want to graduate after this semester, you'll have to take all three. Remember now, that you've still not taken EECS 376, another graduation requirement. If you wanted to take all of these classes in one semester, it would be a large workload with a lot of programming.
What can I do for you?
EECS 482 does have a pretty heavy workload
You still need to complete some of your requirements, such as EECS 376 and EECS 281
You are welcome.
Yes, absolutely.
Is there anything else I can do?
Of the two, is EECS 373 the smaller?
Not a problem!
If you want to declare CS as your major you have to get EECS203 out of the way quickly.
There is not; however, you can attend the discussion hour that will help with any doubts.
I find you are the junior student and have took a lot of courses in EE and CS. Do you prefer EE or CS?
What kind of problem do you have?
OK. As far as classes that are more applied I would suggest EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development.
Based on your preferences, I would recommend to take EECS484 Database Management Systems
Unless you have extra time in your schedule, I would recommend sticking to 484. If you need another class, you may consider taking EECS 381.
I believe any student should consider these courses if they are interested in web development.
I can handle 281 and 376 together.
It has yet to be set.
Is there any other questions?
As long as you keep track of matrix sizes, Linear Algebra is simple.
Do you have one of the three subjects you prefer?
My mistake, I am indeed the advisor.
Alright, what area are you specifically looking to take classes in?
Professors are really important.
477 may be challenging, it has advanced math and relies on fundamentals from previous courses.
However, since you are a senior, it is impossible for you major in EECS and graduate on time if you have not taken EECS 281 at this point.
We do not have access to this information.
In addition you must still complete 4 ULCS classes, Stats 250, plus 1 MDE. It's not impossible to finish in time but it'd be a difficult feat. I think you should try to get one of your grad level EECS classes to count as a ULCS
Both 376 and 492 have reasonably average difficulty levels, so you would be fine taking both.
Robot touch and movement.
EECS 482 is the Introduction to Operating Systems
You could take some other upper level EECS classes, or maybe an intellectual breath or technical elective that interests you, as you are still unsure of a specific interest
I would recommend EECS203 if you have taken Calculus before.
The EECS 281 class has a class size around 81 students.
You have to finish your pre requisites beforehand
The class sizes for these courses range from 80-100.
Enjoy your day!
The Compiler Construction task is taught by Lingjia Tang.
EECS376 and EECS370 are also classes you can take.
What is it, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization.
EECS 398 Computing for Computer Scientists is an easy class.
For winter 2014, these are the courses available: EECS376, EECS281, EECS478, EECS475, EECS370
Computer vision is taught in EECS 442.
how can I help you with today?
Computer Organization is another class you have to take which is EECS 370.
The EECS484 course can be used as an option.
Do you have any studies you are interested in, like maybe algorithm or web designs.
You should make great use of office hours for course material 370 and 376.
Around 120 is the class size, on average.
There seems to be about 100 students.
No problem. Do you have an idea as to what classes to take now?
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
441 is also an easy course.
You should take EECS 482.
My thanks for coming here today!
You will need to take EECS 281 before you consider taking any upper level EECS electives.
Since you're interested in machine learning, I would suggest both EECS 492 and 381 as it will give you a good foundation for your upper levels.
What topic fits you the best?
A good course to take next would be  EECS 376
I advise you to obtain both.
If you are in doubt, I think it would be best to just take EECS 183 and see how you feel about it.
But the class it has is large.
I think this class fits you
Absolutely! It's no trouble at all! :)
Have a wonderful day!
How may I help you?
I certain that you will do nicely.
That is a good idea for a final project.
There are two other options to consider, computer software and hardware.
prof always need to teach
Hello!
A major in EECS requires EECS 281.
Okay, here's an additional one that I suggested.
If you can wait a moment I will check for you.

C. options-for-correct-answers
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 74:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
Natural language processing is just like machine learning.
Hi! Do you need any help from me today?
Are web databases the only requirements?
you could also take 478 Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization, which is also a computer hardware class, but not as challenging ast 470
It will occur at 1:30
There's a computer game design course called EECS 494 that you may consider taking.
Do you want to see all the intellectual breath classes available to you?
Adios Varsha!
EECS 370 could be taken before you take more upper level courses.
You did a bunch of chemistry but not so much calculus, correct?
EECS 280 and 203 are two classes being offered this semester you can sign up for.
Foundations of Computer Science is the class I was speaking of.
Are there other subjects you are interested in studying?
You can see how EECS203 is, the Discrete Math class.
You're right, EECS203 is a morning class.
It will be in the afternoon.
Hello. What can I do for you?
Are you looking to take a heavy or light semester?
EECS 373:Design of Microprocessor Based Systems
You still need to complete some of your prerequisites, such as EECS 376 and EECS 281
You have a lot of EECS classes in your profile, would you like to take more?
You still need EECS 376 and EECS 281 as prerequisites
Okay. What are you majoring in?
I see that you have already taken many computer science classes.
The class is based more on conceptual ideas.
The easiness rating of this one is 2.5.
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.
That information is not certain yet.
Nah.. it's AI now.
A teacher next semester will be Igor L Markov
If you're considering something besides EECS, then Extreme Weather is said to be pretty cool.
4 credits is what you'll get.
If computer hardware interests you, I would recommend taking EECS470.
Can I answer anything else for you?
I would get your core courses of EECS 376 and 370 done first.
since 376 is light, it's good to go with a heavier one.
Generally, it's taken during one of the final two semesters, so I'd hold off on it for now.
How, today, can I help you?
482 operating systems can also be interesting for you
So 376 is focused more on math/theory than 370.
I hear you. EECS 494, on computer games, is a course that you should look over.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Given the difficulty level of EECS 281, I don't recommend taking other difficult courses alongside it.
These 2 classes are not very hard.
It shows that you have completed the pre-requisits so you may take the class.
Yes. His partner in semantic understanding and general action recognition is Professor Rada.
Do you need any other advice?
Are you planning to major in EECS?
I believe you are on the right path Meili.
Thanks, you too!
Goodbye
Both are required classes in order to graduate.
Give me a second to look into that.
Starting the projects early and going to office hours will be helpful with EECS. Also take opinions of the students and also look into study groups.
What's up
Since you have interest in taking classes in the morning I suggest EECS 281.
EECS 280 looks like it is a great option for CE or CS.
You still need to finish some of your prerequisites, such as EECS 376 and EECS 281
Thank you, I am doing well enough.
Hi, what can I help you with?
If you would like to take computer-related field as a major, it is a very important course.
What can I do for you today?
I don't have the times on my schedule, but each class usually has several sections.
If you don't have programming experience, its just for you!
They are both large classes, with about 80 to 90 people.
Best wishes for your studies, goodbye.
want to get your Major course requirements  enroll in either EECS 370 or EECS 376
There should be some sections available because it's a relatively popular class, but our system is being a bit finicky right now.
Each has a class size around 100
EECS 370 is a simple class, and 484 is also doable too, but if you do not enjoy mathematics or had hard times in EECS 203, you may have to put efforts for EECS 376.
Hello! What do you need help with today?
Hey, I'm happy to help you out.
The next core requirement for the CS Major is EECS376
Then how about Web Database and Information Systems EECS 485?
I suggest Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs, Software Engineering, and Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Can I help you?
Hi, what can I help you with?
You're welcome.
Definitely, you can look at EECS 280
If you liked EECS281 and EECS376, you should think about taking the intro to algorithms course, EECS477.
Think about an option such as EECS 183 for the Elementary Programming Concepts program.
What do you need?
The easiness rating for EECS 376 is 1.91, but that just refers to workload.
Each of these three classes gives you four credit hours.
No problem! I'll think about it and let you know.
I have no information , but I have a hunch he's great
Whats up? How can I help you today?
Hi! What can I help you with today?
The EECS482 class size is 99.6.
Is it required to complete 376?
Yep! Since you have mostly been taking STEM classes up to this point it would be good to explore some other options, there are many interesting choices
Do you have a preference for courses?
EECS477 will have an early start time
With many time slots and lecture size averages of 84 and 92, these classes fit your criteria.
The workload for that class is undefined, so I am not able to tell you. Another class you could take is EECS 482. It has a clarity rating of 4.2/5 and is offered at 4:30 in the noon
Hi
You can take EECS 475 it is not to late it you want to.
With your background I recommend course 281.
alright, good! what other questions do you have?
EECS 370 and EECS 376

C. options-for-correct-answers
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 75:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
Good, what help  can i do for you?
The rating for easiness for that class is 3.67.
You interested in what major
The EECS376 code refers to the fundamentals of computer science. The EECS281 code is linked to the data structures and algorithms, while the EECS370 code is the introduction to the organization of computing.
Both Introduction to Computer Organization and Introduction to Cryptography are 4 credit classes.
I reccoment EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts for you.
Actually it's EECS270 you've taken, not EECS370 like you thought.
Amount of classes you want to take?
You may find it difficult at first, but it really get better after mid-term.
What is your availability during the day?
Well, he is rated as being helpful.
Hello! Can I help you?
As it opens up a lot of course options sooner.
You've already taken course 281 so you should move on to EECS484.
you can combine 376 with 381
There is a class for game design.
Please elaborate
Is there anything I can assist you with today?
Do you have any knowledge  about Computer Science?
My choices are EECS484 and EECS 485
It also has a discussion section in case you face issues
I’m not quite sure, but you always check the class schedule online.
This add up to 12 credits of upper level cs
More course options become available sooner with it.
Hello, can I assist you today?
Great!, What are your questions?
Ok, since you have interest in operating systems I suggest that you take EECS 482
What do you want?
OK then. It looks like 475 is no fun at all. 370 is an interesting course.
The class sizes for these courses range from 80-100.
You are welcome
It also looks like you're a junior. MDE is taken by most people when they're senior.
Are you interested in Linguistics courses?
Both courses are project based so doing both can lead to a heavy workload. I would suggest taking an easier class alongside them.
Is there something else I can assist you with?
Negative, it is impossible to take both EECS281 can only be taken once EECS280 is complete.
The best class for those interested in Software Development applications EECS494.
Before you can declare you major, you will need the last class EECS 203.
Alright. How many total credits would I need for graduation?
Course 485 uses Python to help in teaching web development.
If you keep it up with the EECS courses you're actually ahead for your freshman year.
What topic do you find appealing?
Do you need more recommendations for courses or do you already have a good idea of what you want?
How difficult are the classes you prefer?
You should not take those three classes together instead try one of the prerequisites.
We can probably still think of something. Would you say you are more interested in the theoretical, mathematical side of things, or more into practical application?
2.23 is its historical easiness rating.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
It is possibly you could take Eecs 280, an Introduction to Programming and Data Structures course that requires no pre-requisites. You could also take Eecs 285 to learn about Programming language or Computer Systems.
Another class I think you would enjoy taking is introduction to cryptography. This class is also meant to be easier, but may be different from any other class you may have taken yet.
I'd like to see.
Does this attract you?
Is there another question you have?
Next semester you should take 281 since you've taken both prereqs.
Awesome! Sending you my best!
It's not really a big one compared with the other EECS class.
Do any of the three other courses interest you as well, at least right now?
This event will not conflict with your current schedule.
100 students is about the total
For class what size do you prefer?
Do you find yourself liking hardware or software-related courses?
Are you doing a double majors?
Do you have an appointment?
Ok, let's check what courses you have already taken.
I am not sure, I will check.
Do you require any more aid?
Do you have anything further to add?
Hello, happy to make your acquaintance.
Okay, I will research those classes and see what interests you the most if I were you, is there anything else you need>
What kind of courses are you seeking?
Hi qijun, are you a sophomore student?
What can I do for you?
You only need 8 more breadth credit so acquiring one course out of the way next semester would be a good idea
Do you prefer software courses or hardware courses?
No other hardware courses are available next semester.
definitely let me check for a min.
It's a 3 credit class
Negative. The class, EECS484, is in the morning.
EECS 376 is titled Foundations of Computer Science
It's Professor Strauss, who is moderately helpful.
It's concerning discrete math.
281 is heavy on programming. 376 is more theory based. It will be a good mix.
Hello Zizhen!
Okay, can you tell me what field interests you most?
Do you have an interest in low or high level programming?
If its to much work for you take a light class with it
In my opinion i think its not that bad
Have you enrolled in ENGR 101
Are you looking to graduate this year?
Hi, I'm great, thanks, and yourself?
Have you ever thought about taking EECS 588? It will be more theory and paper related, but the professor is supposed to be the best in his field
I am sorry, I don't know the course distribution that it fulfills.
Hey Casey. How can I be of assistance today?
You'll have to finish around 54 more credits or so before you're eligible for graduation
Of course, I think EECS 373 is a great option. It is about Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
As far as your preferences, what is the difficulty range?
No problem
Sounds good
All are considered pre-major courses, so they aren't considered to be part of a specific area of CSE.
What class of those you've taken have you most enjoyed?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 76:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
EECS 485 would provide you a great time based on your interests.
Great.  If you have watched westworld, I would advise you take EECS 492 to learn about AI
The helpfulness rating is 4.13/5.
What is the most comfortable class size for you?
From there you can begin taking CS courses in the upper level.
Would courses meeting in the afternoon be okay?
203 is Discrete Math so it won't be programming intensive. 280 on the other hand will be programming intensive.
Are there any other classes that you prefer?
When I took that course, Professor Lee was an excellent teacher.
Fantastic. What is the total number of classes you wish to take in the next semester?
EECS 470 is an intro level graduate course on cpu architecture, which focuses heavily on computer design and implementation and aspects related to those topics
Consider taking one of the 370 and 478.
both of those prereqs should take 281 next semester.
You are a sophomore, I see.
On a scale of difficulty and easiness it is of average easiness.
You might want to sign up for 478 then, since it is a more moderate difficulty.
You need an elective. I would suggest 300 level physics classes.
Go to http://www.lsa.umich.edu/cg/ for the course guide.
Top of the afternoon!
Are you interested most in Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, or AI?
It will benefit you as you will learn about computer organization.
EECS487 can be taken by you
Since you're a sophomore, you can take a variety of classes.
Hello, is there anything I can help you with today?
That sounds good.
Cool. I would recommend you taking EECS484.
I personally would recommend computer vision to VLSI because there are many more opportunities to make automated learning systems.
No problem!
From your background information, you might like taking EECS and EECS 492.
Great! I think this helped
280, 203, and 183 would all be excellent courses for you to take, based on your previous courses and major.
You're most welcome!
Eecs 203 can be taken at summer first.
Yes. It's a difficult course, but it doesn't have lab or discussion session.
You're Welcome!
Artificial intelligence courses are similar to computer games.
Do you want to take courses about computer operating systems?
No problem.
381 would be a good course for you. I do not recommend other eecs classes along with it
In my opinion that is not wise, but you might consider taking only 2 of the 4 if that is a possibility.
Yes it is true that it is counted as a ULCS for Data Science.
In case that you like hardware, I would recommend 478?
Correct, since you would like your workload to lighten.
No, both of these courses have no labs.
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.
Hi there. What can I do for you?
Hi, what can I do for you?
Your welcome, have a great day.
The machine learning class, EECS 445, may relate. Otherwise there are some possibly AI related special topics.
No need to worry. There is always EECS 183. It is a class for people like yourself who have little experience in computer science.
I would recommend you to take a lower level humanities or social science.
Sure, you can add one or more medium-level classes with that.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I do see that you still haven't taken EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, however. So you'll need to take that because it's a mandatory class for the CS major.
Do you have another question?
Okay. What are you majoring in?
What interests you in terms of classes?
Yes, it is a web development course!
EECS280 still incorporates a lot of the same things of EECS183, so if you take EECS183,you would be in better shape to take EECS280.
As a junior, you've had experience with classes that have similar workloads.
Do you have any ideas?
Hello.
This class is a perfect starting point for novice programmers.
Have you taken Calculus courses before?
Stean, have a good evening!
This class is not as hard as EECS482 and EECS492.
The theory of artificial intelligence is found in many games.
Good luck studying, cya.
Have you thought about EECS482 Introduction to Operating Systems?
The easiness rating that EECS582 currently has is NA.
I'm fine.  How can I help you today?
EECS 183 would be my recommendation.
generally students say 441 is not a very heavy class. Otherwise, I would pick a non-cs class. you may want to fulfill some humanities/ss reqs
Depending on whether you are good at math or not, Math 203 and 250 will be easy for you.
Good morning Zach.
Do you need any other advice?
Terrific!
How can I help you today?
There are no classes that you can take in Software Development right now.
Are you very interested in AI-related courses
If you wanna work a lot and complete all prerequisites you could take EECS370, EECS376, and EECS281, but that's quite a difficult combination.
EECS 477 and 281 are similar, but one focuses on algorithm performance analysis and optimization, while the other elaborates on specific algorithms.
THE ORIGINAL SENTENCE DOES NOT MAKE SENSE
Take a look at the online course workload survey if you want to base your schedule purely on difficulty.
Are you interested in doing 281 this semester?
That was quite extreme.
Ok, then I suggest you take EECS 281 and EECS 370 for a great semester!
You should take both Software Engineering and EECS 481 because you want to learn software development.
As a freshman, I recommend required classes like EECS280 and EECS203.
Is class size important to you?
Anytime, do you have any more questions to ask?
credits wise you seem to be right on track.
Ok, what kind of classes are you interested in?
I would take the EECS281 class its Easiness rating is 2.53.
Each of the two courses are moderately easy.
do you want to continue this track
You cannot take any other mobile courses.
You can take 495 if you like web.
Looking at your requirements for graduation, it seems you still must take 281.
You need to complete this class to graduate

C. options-for-correct-answers
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 77:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
The class is called Machine Learning.
EECS 376 is less useful than EECS 370.
Wishing you the best!
I have two course suggestions for Fall 2012 for you based on your background: EECS 550 Information Theory and EECS 551: Matrix Methods for Signal Processing, Data Analysis and Machine Learning. You can choose one of the two.
Database Management Systems will be most relevant to your interest.
Sounds great. I am going to my next appointment
Are you fond of the 300-level courses?
Are you interested in software courses or hardware courses?
You're welcome! Can I do anything else for you?
Good then I will sign you up for these classes.
Have you took ENGR 101?
Sorry, I'm an advisor for CSE and can make recommendations about EECS classes, as don't have much insight on other department's courses.
Great, I hope you have a nice semester.
Awarded a great rating (4.15), EECS183 is very helpful.
This is for EECS 281 and is 2.53
How many classes were you wanting to take next semester?
Yes, what kind of class are you asking about?
281 is prerequisite before you take that and also keep that in mind for future as it may not be offered both semesters.
The title of EECS 376 is "Foundations of Computer Science"
One good course for you to take this semester would be the introduction to the mathematical foundation of computer science.
I believe you can easily handle this course since it has an easiness of 2.23.
We'll figure something out!
You could take summer courses however to catch up.
I advise choosing EECS 281 though because that will open up a lot of higher level classes that you can take.
Are you interested in any specific topics?
What classes can we discuss together?
Your background suggests you take EECS281.
You are very welcome. Good bye!
If you're interested in learning about AI, I'd recommend EECS 492.
I noticed you took Econ.
Is there a topic you like better than others?
How can I help you today?
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
It was no problem. I hope you have a good day!
Awesome. You're a great person. Did you need my help with anything else?
What Linguistics courses are you interested in?
If you want to declare CS as your major you have to get EECS203 out of the way quickly.
Drop one
Would you rather improve your programming skills or your mathematical foundations?
Most pupils take 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370.
Hello, how may I assist you?
I would suggest taking EECS 280, because it is a important class for all those majors.
Also you can look into picking a cs elective too
propositional and predicate logic, set theory, function and relations, growth of functions and asymptotic notation, introduction to algorithms, elementary combinatorics and graph theory, and discrete probability theory are the topics taught in intro to math foundations of comp sci.
Taking both at once can be difficult.
EECS 183 is the easiest class you can take next semester.
You might want to look into taking EECS 281.
Hi Brady.
Both classes are large - 129.1 for EECS 484 and 128.5 for EECS 485.
203 covers discrete math, which is the mathematical foundation of computer science.
Stats 503 looks interesting
Hello, how can I assist you today?
Will you tell me about the topics that interest you?
EECS481 has a class size of 63.71
May I help you with something?
The one who teaches 595 is Prof. Mihalcea.
Which topics interest you within the computer science field?
Correct, it's EECS 475. Doing that alongside EECS 388 and 484 should make a perfect semester for you!
Hi Varsha.
Was there a particular area you are forced on?
May I help you with something today?
Are there any more questions?
If computer science is your major then it appears you are just about finished.
Are you sure you have taken EECS280, and EECS203 descrete mathematics?
Computer vision is taught in EECS 442.
You are behind schedule. You need to take EECS 370 and 376 as soon as possible, since they are pre-req for a lot of upper level EECS classes.
absolutely let me look for a min.
EECS376 is easy as pie.
The workload is medium to high for EECS 485 and low to medium for EECS 493.
Either EECS 484 or 485 are courses I think you should take.
I would not advise having more than two eecs classes every semester.
Hmm, what exactly would be your interest?
What courses are you interested in?
How can I assist you today?
But there's many options available for you to check out
Nope, it's mid level.
From my experience if you will take EECS 281, you might as well get the 4 credits from taking EECS 370.
EECS 203 is like an extension to Foundations of Computer Science EECS 376.
It may be better to use EECS584, which would is more advanced database
Great
For computer science majors, theoretical information is generally considered helpful.
as an undergraduate student I am taking 12 credits this semester so i won't have to do it again if I don't want to.
EECS183 is Elementary Programming Concepts
How hard are the classes you like to take?
Nov trouble.
Those two classes together have an easiness score of 2+.
The class size is larger, as it is a required class.
If you are interested in siftwre dev, you willmake a good choice if you choose 481.
What sorts of lower-level electives have caught your interest?
I also recommend EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms which is a fundamental course for EECS student.
Knowing you history, it's a good class for you.
That is an excellent option.
I was mistaken earlier EECS 376 is the hardest class you can take out the 4
Some class topics include CSS, HTML, Java, and Angular JS.
Maybe take one or two of those and seem to some technical electives, like NA 260, since you have most, if not all, of your intellectual breadth dealt with
For you, I would also suggest "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" and "Discrete Math".
the rate is 4.13/5 for helpfullness
how's your grades
If we judge classes on easiness, their scale is 3 out of 5
You're welcome. I'm here anytime.

C. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 78:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
It is a hard class but you can handle it.
I see you are still have yet to take EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization
Do you have any other questions?
Hello, I'm doing well, you?
EECS 481 is the one that is easiest.
During students second year most of them like to take 280 and 183.
It is advised that you take EECS492: Artificial Intelligence.
It is easier than EECS276, but more difficult than EECS370
How may I help you today.
It might be updated later.
sure, what are your queries?
For what you like, I would suggest EECS 481 for Software Development.
373 is a great class to take.
In a minute I’ll pull your profile.
What are your thoughts on taking EECS 203?
have a good day.
Out of the programming courses taked so far, which did you enjoy the most?
Yes
You should take EECS 388 or 475, you've taken the prerequisite, 281, and they're in your field of study.
Is there something you need help with?
There is a moderate difficulty level for EECS281.
foundations of computer science?
Interesting, you've taken EECS477.
EECS592 is advanced AI so that can be interesting to you
There are three classes with about 40-60 students, then there is EECS 481, it has the most students.
Okay then, perfect!
It looks like you have most of your pre-requisites out of the way and you can start taking some more EECS courses
EECS 203 is one of our most challenging courses, it would be ideal to take 376 with classes that are less demanding.
You are welcome
It seems as if you need to take some upper level computer science courses to graduate
OK. Great! Do you have any more questions?
No. It's on average workload.
Building new technology to help students who may not be fully capable, like building a smart wheelchair for someone who can't walk.
I hope you have a great semester!
Are you a fan of large classes?
I believe if you are comfortable with you time management skills this is doable
484 would also be a good course for you, based on your interest.
the rate is 4.13/5 for helpfullness
It looks like you are interested in Cryptography.
I recomment you take both EECS 481 and EECS 493.
Everything I've heard about EECS494, Video Game Design, has been positive.
No, sorry, you are required to take EECS281 after EECS280
yes
EECS485 you can take.
I recommend you taking EECS595 as a graduate level course based on your interests.
Perfect, then I would suggest you take 485, which is called web databases
Both of these courses aren't difficult.
my pleasure.
It shouldn't change for now. In the future you may have to take more electrical engineering classes. But for now I would suggest that that you take EECS 281, and if you think you can handle it EECS 376 and 370
Seeing that you have taken MTH 105 and 115 shows me that you are ready for EECS 203.
I see that you still haven't taken EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, which is a prerequisite for CS.
Okay. There might be a better choice than 584 for you.
If you take EECS 280 now, you will be able to take other classes that you are interested in.
if your int. in web development, def. take these courses.
That's a really heavy workload. If you think you can handle the workload, go for it, but I'd suggest only doing two of the classes.
Is there an area within computer science courses that you are most drawn to?
EECS481 averages 63.71 students.
Happy I could be of assistance
Go on.
Oh, you are most welcome
Aside from that you could take EECS 376.
Up until now, which courses did you like?
That is good. Do you know how many courses you plan on taking next semester?
What about those two topics interests you?
How can I be of help to you?
For computer security, take EECS 388. For operating systems, take EECS 482. For artificial intelligence, take EECS 492
It's all good!
That is a very wise choice, but you should also fulfill your other degree requirements.
Taking the EECS484 Database Management System would be of interest to you based on your academic history.
For the most part linear algebra is just keeping track of what the matrix sizes are.
I think EECS281 is a good choice based on what you have learned.
You have to have EECS280
Please let me know what's most imporant: time of the class? who the professor is? the level of the course?
does CS major interest you?
Absolutely.
If you want to get your Major course requirements out of the way early on, you could enroll in either EECS 370 or EECS 376.
What are your preferences?
do you have any other question
Hello, Chong! How can I help you!
Eecs 493 is for users to interface with, while EEcs 487 is used for interactive computer graphics.
Hi! How can I help you with today?
Since you haven't takin any CS classes are you going to?
Also 565, Linear Feedback Control Systems, might be an additional one you are interested in since you like math. Or 560, Linear systems theory.
Each has a medium workload
Are you having a good day?
Obviously your grades have been good.
Greetings, how are you today?
I made an error, I apologize.
Tell me how the deciding goes!
Are there any other preferences on what course you want to take?
Which major fields are you most interested in.
That is why I'm here.
No problem, have a good day!
While I don't have that information currently, I have heard that GSIs are quite useful.
It will be pretty hard to double major with a major as difficult as CSE. If you have confidence in your work ethic, of course it is possible, but I would encourage you to consider taking a minor in classics instead of a major.
Do you like to share your thoughts about the course selection for next semester?
Shobit, hello.
You're interested in what topics?
99.6 is the EECS482 class size.
What are your area of interests?

C. options-for-correct-answers
What are your preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 79:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
It is a hard course, but it is very useful
Based on the fact that you haven't taken any any algorithm courses yet, I think you should enroll in EECS 281 if you want to learn more about algorithm.
EECS376, EECS281, EECS478, EECS475, EECS370 are the courses available for winter 2014.
You wouldn't like EECS 484 it's from 9 am to 10:30 am every Monday and Wednesday.
Given your expertise, you may find it difficult to take the two courses in the same semester
Any other question?
It's a heavy workload, but isn't all that hard considering your performance in EECS281.
Both of these classes have a moderate workload.
Hi, how are you doing?
why did you enjoy certain classes?
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
The workload is not at all heavy.
It's the mathematical foundations of computer science.
The only difference is that EECS 492 is a bigger class. It has around 130 students, whereas 481 has around 60-70 students
EECS445 is an important course for those interested in AI.
Out of 5 points, it scored a 2.59.
Most people would consider this a 2.59 on a 5 point scale.
What do you need me to help you with?
So the core classes you need to take are the introductory classes (eecs 183)
Greetings, can I help you in anyway
I think you can take these two courses simultaneously,judging by your previously taken courses.
Definitely! Which major have you considered?
Hi Mara! How are you doing today?
The other MDE option that I would recommend is Introduction to AI
For a relatively easy course to take, go with "Elementary Programming Concepts".
I would suggest that you don't take all of them together if you don't want a high workload.
EECS 203 is a prerequisite for EECS 281.
Hi, nice to meet you.
The 586 course is Algorithims.
Because it goes so deep into object oriented programming and C/C++, EECS 381 is known as the most difficult EECS course.
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.
No problem. I am glad to help.
Class is from 16:30 to 18:00 on Tuesday and Thursday.
To double major with a difficult major like CSE will be pretty hard. If you're confident in your worth ethic, it's definitely possible, however, I suggest you take a minor in classics as opposed to a major.
My great pleasure.
What criteria are you basing your selection off of?
Do you want to do EE, CE or CS? any combination preference?
Both courses too much? I would recommend dropping EECS2280.
Sadly that is information I do not have
I would suggest taking 280 and 203, since getting through both of these classes will make a greater amount of EECS courses available for you in the following semester.
If you are looking for a helpful class, then I would suggest taking EECS183.
The course is Software Engineering.
Not a problem. Do you have any other questions?
Prior to now, have you looked into this class?
It will be pretty hard to double major with a major as difficult as CSE. If you have confidence in your work ethic, of course it is possible, but I would encourage you to consider taking a minor in classics instead of a major.
Hello. With what can I help you? I serve as your advisor.
The workload is not too heavy.
What topic fits you the best?
It should be around 4 hours a week.
You need to enroll in at least 4 upper level classes.
What's your opinion on computer science?
Please also read the syllabus of EECS485 (Web Database and Information Systems) and see if you are interested.
Have a great day! You're welcome!
You are nice to meet too.
Is it usual to to take the class EECS281 after I complete EECS 280?
3.25 is its easiness.
The workload is moderately heavy.
However, you do have a choice from 10 or fewer EECS classes.
A possibility is taking class EECS477: Intro to Algorithms.
Are you interested in something related to AI?
eecs 280 would prob be a good idea for either ce or cs
The class EECS 376 is called "Foundations of Computer Science"
What do you like better?
Any other question?
If you don't have any programming experience, EECS 183 may be tough.
This course has a discussion session. It is worth 4 credit. The last class was worth 3 credit.
Are you in need of any assistance?
Two nice choices based on your record would be eecs183 or eecs 203.
Hi! Do you need help?
Given that you are a Freshman, it is important to start with EECS183.
For AI, machine learning is one of the important aspects.
I've heard that all three together can be a moderately high workload, but it can be done.
EECS is a course on Discrete Mathematics, and has 4 credits.
Next, you should take 280.
No problem, I hope I could help with your questions.
Computer science is good, great.
What do you need help with?
Then I would recommend taking EECS280.
EECS482 and EECS492 are harder than this one.
After mid-terms it gets better even thought you may find it difficult at first.
What are are you looking to take classes in?
Among lighter workload programming classes, that is the only one I know of. There are other such courses but they're mostly theoretical and assignment/homework based instead of programming and project based. Would you still like to hear about them?
Hi, how are you doing?
Do you care about the size of the class?
It has been my pleasure. I look forward to assisting you again in the future.
EECS280 needs to be the background that teaches EECS376.
Are your interests systems, hardware, theory or software engineering?
Are you considering a minor in CS?
Greetings, weilun.
Even though there are generally many sections of each, so you should be able to pick one that suitable for you.
What areas of computer science do you have the most interest in?
370 is a moderate workload, but should not be as heavy as 281 and 475
Would you like any help?
EECS 373 is the Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
Is this available both Monday and Wednesday?
The class, how large would you like it to be?
That's a good course to get into if you're considering Computer Science. It'll teach you about the fundamental data structures of a computer.
Maybe you should try that.
What questions do you have for me?
see you later

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 80:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
I must alert you, 482 is an extremely difficult class, there is a lot of work involved.
They are both considered slightly harderthan average courses.
It looks like you have most of your pre-requisites out of the way and you can start taking some more EECS classes
Each of these two classes' workload is moderate.
It's 4 credits with a course size of about 40.
It seems that 203 and 280 are a good choice for your next semester.
Do you think you still remember the concepts you learned in ENGR 101?
Hearing that makes me happy.
The 493 course has a very light load.
Well if you're willing to overlook that, I think you should take the class.
Do you want two different CS courses with EECS 376 being necessary soon?
I would recommend that next semester you take EECS 281, and either EECS 370 or EECS 376.
It will be challenging taking three EECS courses and another technical course.
Hi there, how are you doing?
Based on your interests, three courses in mind I have.
That seems like it will be a good final project.
Hello, what can I do for you?
It will begin at 10 in the morning and last until 11: 30 am.
Learn concepts and methods for designing, creating, querying, and managing large enterprise databases.
I need some harder computer classes to graduate.
However, if you want a course that is a bit easier with more overview, you could take EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science.
Based on your feedback, I would recommend that you also take EECS280.
There are, on average, 81 students in a class.
Taking the one course in Discrete math would be a good thing for you
Difficult, this is not.
I would suggest taking EECS376 and either of EECS492 or EECS494 for this semester
I see you have already taken several upper level CE classes, so are you interested in taking more?
It has an easier workload.
What topic do you find appealing?
Any EECS course you want to take next semester?
Hi, what could I help you with?
You are very welcome.
EECS445 Introduction to Machine Learning and natural language processing are very closely related.
This is exceeding expectations for a freshman.
I noticed that you took many courses for hardware and physics, I would suggest you to take EECS470. It's a very helpful course for your career after graduation
EECS 381 (Object Oriented and Advanced Programming) is easy, while EECS 494 (Computer Game Design and Development) is moderately hard. But both classes have an extremely heavy workload
You could select EECS 493
Around 71 it is.
I suggest taking a less intensive class with 482, because 482 is a lot of work.
Whats new?
I suggest!
In that case, I would suggest EECS 482 Intro to Operating Systems, EECS 481 Software Development, or EECS 484 DB Management Systems.
There's also EECS281 EECS 376 and EECS 370 that you have not taken yet.
So I would recommend taking both of them.
What is your interest area?
Does this grasp your interest?
Is another EECS course being looked by you?
As you've already taken 281, 376 or 307 would be better for you next.
You should take EECS 281 to open up more Upper level classes.
It came to my knowledge that you are yet to take any senior design courses , it is my suggestion that you take one to satisfy your graduation criteria .
EECS 280 is quite similar to ENGR 101 you will be building on concepts that you learned in that class, this class has a high clarity and helpfulness rating which is great!
The ideas you have are good ones
I recommend that you take both together.
Class sizes ranging from 80 to 100 can normally be expected from these courses.
I'm so glad you asked! EECS 481 is Software Engineering and EECS 477 is Algorithms.
However, it is usually unwise to take more than 2 EECS classes per semester. The workload just becomes too much.
That information is not certain yet.
EECS 370 relatively easy and is required for several upper level classes. EECS 376 , equivalent in difficulty to 281, deals more with theoretical computer science instead of  programming.
It seems as if you still are missing a lot of the basic requirements.
I suggest you to take EECS482 as well, if you are interested in software development.
The Compiler Construction task is taught by Lingjia Tang.
Minoring in EECS is possible and I'd say to sign up for EECS 281 next semester.
You are most welcome
average 170 students
Would you prefer a class that you are in charge or that is structured?
You will find that the workload for more than 2 EECS classes per semester is too hard.
Larger class sizes should be considered the new norm.
Number 478 is Circuit Synthesis and Optimization.
From my records, they both have pretty high clarity ratings.
It's a lot of work, but from what I've heard, the amount you learn makes it worth it.
The class occurs in the morning.
Are you interested?
What would you like to focus on?
Some of your choices are computational theory, database management, artificial intelligence, circuit synthesis, computer vision or cryptography.
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.
Welcome, what can I do for you?
Do you need help with anything else?
Out of, computer game design, user interface development, or mobile development, which one do you like more?
Unfortunately, you are only able to get that information on Wolverine Access.
Okay, what sort of segments of computer science are you interested in?
I think Jia Deng and Johnson-Roberson are next, respectively.
Das
Many students really like the class and it is very helpful
These classes consist of lot of longer projects so it is mandatory you keep up with your tasks
OK, do you have any additional questions?
if you feel like you have a strong Math or Statistics background, then you could
So you are mainly interested in hardware?
It is possible to register for both 376 and 381
You may like EECS 370
Are you interested in cryptography?
Is there anything else you need?
Since it seems that you have already completed the pre-requisites you may sign up for the class.
Prerequisites will need to be taken first.
No, I wish to tell you that you're awesome!
Are you curious about programming?
It is a class requirement EECS 376, you need it for your degree.
If you take  EECS 485 is it a upper level CS course but will count as a flexible technical elective as well.
If you don't have any programming experience, EECS 183 may be difficult.
Anything else I can do for you today?
Have a great day!

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 81:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
Indeed, it is a web development course!
EECS183 comes before EECS280.
You are welcome.
Do you have any other questions, or are we all done now?
Then I would suggest giving EECS courses 485 or 493 a look.
Goodbye
Much luck for your study
Then I would suggest EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts
It is advised that you take EECS492: Artificial Intelligence.
281 Data structures and algorythm is recommended by me.
This course's level of difficulty is only 2.23.
Stats 503 looks interesting
EECS 376 and EECS 370 are still needed for you to graduate.
How can I help you?
That's a ton of work. I'd recommend just doing two of those, but go for it if you think you can manage.
You are certainly welcome.
What kind of fields are you interested in?
Cool, take care!
This class should be easy if you have good math skills.
Alright, that sounds good. Any other questions?
Would you like information about them?
Do you need anything else?
Can I help you?
hello!
Goodbye.
Are you interested in web development then?
EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms has sections on Tuesday/Thursday, if that sounds interesting.
I know EECS 281 is in the morning, but you might still prefer it over EECS 376.
Well then I would recommend that you take these classes, good job Stein!!
If you do all three of those courses at the same time, you'll have a major workload.
Hi, is there anything you need today?
It's taught by Yaoyun Shi. A very good teacher!
Yes, I believe so.
It covers algorithms and basic programming techniques.
Which upper level classes are you interested in taking?
Yes, unlike EECS 281, it is tough.
When is the correct time to complete the core requirements for your degree?
Both classes are four credit upper levels.
Indeed these courses instruct you from the starting point but they will be more challenging without any knowledge of programming.
Classes that are worth 4 credits include Introduction to Computer Organization and Introduction to Cryptography.
You'll be able to declare after you take EECS 203
That would be wonderful.
How are you feeling?
If you enjoy statistics then you could take some 400 level stats classes that are pretty easy. Stats 415, and 470 and considered easier classes with a light workload
Right is what you are.
It would take a bit more time, but both classes are very rewarding and worth the effort.
A hard class is EECS 281.  It's a 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey but it's not overwhelming.
You are welcome
Which of these courses sounds interesting?
I could recommend 478, Logic circuit synthesis and optimization building on that.
The course size is around 60 and considered to be normal for senior design course
Allow me to consider it.
EECS484 and EECS 485 are my recommendations.
All of them are 4 credits courses.
What can I do for you today?
Since you're majoring in CS, I think you should take EECS 376 next semester to get that requirement out of the way.
tell me your interests
Are you here for some advising?
Both of these courses are 3 credits
EECS484 is much less difficult than EECS482.
EECS484 is a large class.
Maybe you can consider EECS575 next, advanced cryptography
Intro to Croptography is a class I highly recommend, and it comes with a heavy workload.
Greetings student!
EECS218 Data Structures and Alorithms is a fundamental course for EECS student that I also recommend.
Do you have an interest in programming?
Matt Terwilliger is easy going.
Pleasure is totally mine!
So if you follow along the series the next classes that you can select are EECS 280, EECS 203, and EECS 183
the engineering of software
Among your ENGR, MATH, PHYSICS and CHEM classes, which did you like best?
Yup, that's right.
Great! Bye!
What interests you?
Hey, is there something that I could help you with today?
EECS topics cutting edge is everything.
I can do that!
Anything else?
Please tell me the sort of advising you're looking for today.
You will have to finish eecs183, eecs280, eecs203, stats250 to declare computer science major
While I can't say with certainty, consulting the survey results about workload from EECS undergrduates may be of assistance. https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/
How do you feel about this class?
Today how are you doing?
My suggestion is the EECS 545 course for you.
I don't think it is a problem.
376 also is something I strongly suggest sophomores take.
Wonderful. I excel at that.
Please continue. That was great.
Because of your interests, I would suggest taking EECS 482 and EECS 492, but not in the same semester
Which section of Engineering 100 did you take?
55 students is the average class size
The EECS course is not easy but I believe you are capable.
Do you have an interest in Machine Learning?
Are you available on Monday and Wednesday?
I would recommend 545 as good for you based upon your expressed proclivities.
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript
What difficulty would you like the class to be?
These classes average 84 and 92 lecture sizes respectively and they have many different time slots so they fit your criteria.
EECS584 has a prerequisite class EECS484
The difficulty is 3.25.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 82:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
do you have any interest in EECS373 Design of Microprocessor Board Systems?
493 would be a lighter workload, if you want a balanced schedule
Oh, please forgive me.
I wish you luck next semester
regarding help, what kind do you want?
Choose one that sounds most interesting: microprocesser, computer architecture and logic circuit synthesis
Many people have the opinion that Databases (484) is a good general course which applies in many areas of CS.
EECS376 and EECS370 are also available for you to take.
Jobs for students are easy to find!
Okay. Take care and have a splendid day.
Do you find database interesting?
In previous terms, the class size for EECS 482 has been around 100 students.
You too
EECS370, EECS376 and others can be taken.
do you love theoretical computer science?
It has a value of 2.23 as its historical easiness rating.
Maybe take one or two of those and seem to some technical electives, like NA 260, since you have most, if not all, of your intellectual breadth dealt with
It depends on how fast of a programer you are. Most people take 2 EECS classes, but some people take 3 EECS classes if they like getting no sleep.
If taking eecs280 and eecs203 I would definitely not take any heay eecs or math classes
To access other courses you must first complete course EECS 281.
The helpfulness rating for this class is 3.92.
How can I help you?
How do you feel about classes in computer science.
Perfect, I would then recommend you to take 370 and 376 next semester, but you may prefer to hold off on taking 281 till the following semester.
Some good Capstone courses are EECS 441, EECS 467, EECS 481, and EECS 494.
I'm not sure that I can graduate in 3 years with a double major.
Hi, what can I do for you?
Its no problem, sounds good
Do you have any interest in A.I., have you considered learning more about it?
Hello Kescher, I would be happy to help you today or any day
EECS 484 is Database Management Systems and explores concepts and methods regarding large enterprise databases.
do you like circuitry
This add up to 12 credits of upper level cs
Next semester, would you like to take a math course as well?
For a computer science major, EECS281 is a must-take course.
Are "Computer Game Design and Development", "User Interface Development", "Software Engineering", or "Computer Network Security" interesting to you?
Do you want to take a heavy or light semester?
It looks like you've done EECS281, which means you can take most upper-level CS classes. My recommendations are EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, or EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
I see that you have completed EECS280. The next course in the sequence is EECS281.
Where is advising today?
Can I do anything else for you?
EECS445 is a very important course for AI.
Hello, what can I help you with?
I suggest your taking EECS 376 and EECS 281.
Do you have any other queries I can help with?
Another good ULCS class to start with is 492. It doesn't require much previous knowledge.
It is more common to try to take those in different semester.
At first glance this course seems simple, but it is harder than it looks.
It is possible to take EECS 203 at the same time EECS 183 is taken.
Hi, what can I do for you?
Why is that? Do you have a heavy course load next semester?
Martha Pollack is teaching 203 next semester.
I am here to assist you, what might you need assistance with?
You need EECS 281 as the gateway to take upper level classes.
A lot of people enjoy 494.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
6-8 hours outside class every week are recommended by me
Matt Terwilliger is really relaxed
EECS 486 and 484 are available for you to take if you want one
You need a technical elective for CE. I think a physics class would be good based on your schedule. Any 300 level physics class should complete your  technical requirement.
How do you feel today?
have a good day
I am here to assist you with your academic schedule.
i'd like you to take EECS470.
If you are fond of software development, the course would be very beneficial.
I think this class is suitable for you
If you are not averse to taking a difficult course. you can try EECS482 Intro to operating Systems
Is EECS280 a course you want to attend?
EECS183 was determined to have a very high rating of 4.15 in helpfulness.
The two classes work load is very strenuous.
I can recommend another moderate course.
It depends what your preferences are
No worries.
Fine. Do you want to learn about web systems?
Yes, as the requirement is being a senior and completion of eecs 281.
Hi, how can I help you today?
If you don't mind two EECS in one semester, you can take 370 with 281.
That’s something I enjoy
its not easy, but its not the hardest either. you have a light load so far, so I think its fine
No, multiple discussions are offered and you can come to any of them.
EECS 203 is an option.
Any other questions?
hello, how can i help you with?
The two other classes you might want to take are EECS 376 Foundations of CS, and EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms. The first is required, but they are both light classes.
Would you be into linear systems theory?
Sure. You should probably take EECS370 to help finish up your requirements.
Hey! How can I help you out today?
It looks like you still need to take a few required classes, EECS 376, 281, and 370.
It is a good intro to object oriented programming
Since EECS 376, EECS 370, and EECS 485 are upper level and the work load is big, EECS 183, and EECS 280 are introductory level  so the work load is not bad.
which starts at 15:00 and ends at 16:00
There are about 63.7 students in EECS481 on average, and 94.33 in EECS493.
Ok, you have a nice day!
I apologize but I'm an EECS advisor. Perhaps you should speak with an LSA advisor?
Some great Capstone courses are EECS 441, EECS 467, EECS 481, and EECS 494.
Greetings. How can I help you? I am the advisor for you.
Do you have a time preference?
Michael John Cafarella
Hey!
Not a problem. Can I answer any other questions?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 83:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
any queries?
You did a bunch of chemistry but not so much calculus, right?
I always enjoy talking to you, so it's not a problem at all.
Given your preferences, I would suggest EECS 481 for Software Development.
Are you also planning on taking 3 other non EECS classes along with EECS 370 and a ULCS course?
Yes, exactly right.
Unfortunately, I don't have information on the easiness level of this class.
Yes, take a seat please.
My pleasure! Goodbye!
The class size is 81 for EECS281.
Since you only need 8 more breadth credits, that's a good idea to get a course out of the way next semester.
If you want basis material for future courses, that class will provide you with a lot of basis material.
OK! I have a few recommendations. You could take EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, does that sound interesting to you?
Problem it is not.
Yes, identical to EECS281.
So I would suggest taking both of them.
Which interests you more, software or hardware?
I am happy this decision was easy for you.
any other questions?
Computer Engineering
EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor Based Systems is the course
Concepts such as tree searches and fundamental data structures are involved, and would build on to your knowledge.
EECS484 is much less difficult than EECS482.
Sounds great, EECS 281 fits into this and the classes are scheduled in the morning
how can I help you with today?
I notice that you have already taken many computer science classes.
are you positive you dont have any other questions?
Within computer science, is there any particular field you are interested in?
As long as you keep track of matrix sizes, Linear Algebra is simple.
What class size do you prefer?
How about Computer Hardware courses?
Starting at 10:30 am and with 128.5 class size, EECS485 is a morning class.
Attention all coders, this is the course for you!
Awesome! Take care!
Do you think that sounds good?
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.
No problem! Have a nice day ahead
this is about basic programming techniques and algorithm
Alright, which direction does your interest lie?
Is python of any interest to you?
It looks like you still need to complete EECS 376, three more ULCS classes, Stats 250, and an MDE.
For example, I suggest taking EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms, EECS 370 Computer Organization, or EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, next semester
Do you have a stronger interest in high or low level programming?
How can I assist you today?
Many students enjoy EECS 484. It is a moderate work load and an interesting class
I can see this information, what is your question?
Sure is!
Although engineering is tough, you should put the work in.
It is! If you enjoyed 492, this might be a good course to take next.
There are many courses being offered that fit what you are looking for.
Salutations everyone.
482 can be a very heavy load and so creates a very busy semester when paired with other EECS classes, but in general most students find it can be comfortably taken with humanities class.
Hello!
I think you should consider taking EECS 280 for your next semester.
My pleasure. Anything else I can help with?
What subjects are you interested in?
Do you find yourself preferring hardware or software-related courses?
The core classes EECS 281,370.376 are all ones you should take.
They would be defined as database management systems.
Your records show that you have already taken many EECS advanced courses.
Learning always includes more topics
You could look into a CS elective, as well
I apologize, I am the adviser for EECS classes only.
Hallo Varsha!
What specifics are you interested in?
Are you interested in programming?
If you enjoy backend, you might like this class.
I highly recommend taking 203 and 280 for upper level CS courses requirements.
It's not really a big one if you compare it to the other EECS class.
This depends on your personal feelings.
Are you planning on taking one of those classes next semester?
EECS370, EECS281 and EECS376.
Hello Student
Neither 376 nor 492 have as much basis in programming as some different EECS classes, so you should have no issues with deadlines for assignments.
I think you should sign up for EECS 281 and EECS 370 next semester.
EECS courses can be useful in many other study areas even if you don't want to major in EECS.
There are 81 students in EECS281.
Were EECS280 and EECS203 difficult to get through?
There are companies that require certain course before they will consider you for an internship.
Building new technology to assist students who may not be fully able, such as building a smart wheelchair for someone who can't walk.
CSE is a major that requires a lot of credits, so you will need to plan early enough if you want to double major or something
Machine Learning requirements were up to standard
It seems you've tried a lot of different types of courses.  What degree are you interested in pursuing?
There is seating for approximately 64 students.
How heavy or light do you expect your course load to be?
Hello, I can help, let's see.
I suggest that you take it
Do you have a time preference?
How have you been today?
Yes only those two are manageable. You could take another light class too, if a somewhat havier semester can be managed by you
I can help, tell me what subjects you want to look at.
EECS280 might be something you'd like to look at as well.
It shows you have already taken a lot of EECS classes
EESC376 is easier
Certainly! Anybody have any questions?
Hi! Do you need help?
Right, here is another one that I recommend.
Taking EECS 481, Software Engineering, with EECS 376 is an option
You're welcome!
EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms sections are held on Tuesday/Thursday, if that sounds interesting.

C. options-for-correct-answers
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 84:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
I noticed your required EECS core computer science classes have been done.
Other questions you may have?
While there is a difference between math 214 and 217, they are both linear algebra. Math 217 deals with applied linear algebra and is known to be the harder of the two courses.
Good luck this semester.
EECS183 has a lot of similar concepts that will help if you later take EECS280.
What other questions do you have?
Are you well?
Most people normally either take 203 with 280 or before 280, but it won't be much of a problem for you if you're taking it after 280.
I apologize for my mistake.
Hi, how may I assist you today?
I see you are going to take Econ.
493 would be a lighter intensity, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
Taking that into consideration, I strongly suggest EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization
Signing up for EECS370 with EECS281 is a good choice.
What are you focusing on?
Unfortunately, no. This adds up to 12 credits of upper level CS classes and you need 16 to graduate. So in addition, you will have to take three upper level CS classes overall.
No worries.
Being that you are a  junior with a bunch ofelectives available I would recommend that you take EECS540, Applied Quantum Mechanics if you want to learn about atomic level physics.
The only difference is that EECS 492 is a bigger class. It has around 130 students, whereas 481 has around 60-70 students
No problem! you come back any time
Thank you very much, hope you have a good day.
you have taken plenty of courses.
Which are you more interested in, OS development or web development?
Is there a time of day that you prefer?
It is at a moderate level of difficulty.
The only upper level CS class you've taken is EECS 272, so if you want to graduate after this semester, you need to do all three. Keep in mind that you also need to take EECS 376 to graduate. If you do them all in the same semester, there will be a lot of work and programming involved.
Is a large class fine with you?
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.
Based on your interest in hardware, you should consider taking EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor-based Systems.
You have only taken one upper level CS course so far which is EECS 373, so if you do want to graduate after this semester, you have to take all three. Keep in mind that you still have not taken EECS 376, which, again, is required for graduation. If you are willing to take all of these classes in one semester, it will be a lot of work and a lot of programming with those classes combined.
1.91 is the easiness rate for 376.
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science or EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms seem to be like the courses that would make sense to take next and they deal with Software Infrastructure Applications
EECS 370 is another course you may be interested in.
Awesome. You're a great person. Did you need my help with anything else?
EECS 487 Computer Graphics can be interesting too. You can have an attempt of that
You have nothing to worry about.
I recommend you take Data Structures and Algorithms or EECS281.
You can not take EECS 281 until you take EECS 280 and EECS 203.
You can enroll when course registration opens, which is the usual time.
Programming and Intro to Data Structures is good because it'll give you a foundation in data you'll be working with throughout your career. It's got a helpfulness rating of 4.13 out of 5.
if you're into hardware, I think you'd enjoy Microcomputer stuff, even though it's more challenging than simple programming
Greetings Varsha!
Have you taken that many before?
As you're a sophomore in computer science that have not taken 280 and 203 yet, I'd suggest taking EECS280 and EECS203 along with another 4 to maybe 6 credits depending.
With your interests I think you should take EECS 183.
You have taken EECS376, EECS281, and EECS370.
How may I help you today!
What do you prefer, Math or Computer Programming?
Both of them are easier than 475.
Got it. EECS 281 starts at 10:30 in the morning, but you still may want to choose it over EECS 376.
Which specific EECS classes do you wish to take?
EECS 376 is less useful than EECS 370.
If math is not your strong suit, then I suggest you take EECS203.
What topics do you find interesting?
Have a great day!
In what way may I be of assistance to you now?
Awesome!
Because EECS 492 has an Easiness Rating of 3.08, and EECS 477, Intro to Algorithms, has an easiness rating of 2, EECS 4477 would be easier.
Which of these sound interesting: microprocesser, computer architecture and logic circuit synthesis
Here it focuses on advanced designs of logic circuits
Concepts and methods for the design, creation, query and management of large enterprise databases are introduced.
How many courses do you expect to take?
Do you need help with anything?
It can be difficult.  If you found EECS280 to be too difficult, this probably will be too.
Sounds great! look like you've already taken 281, 370 and 376, you have the prerequisites to take most of the classes you want!
Would you say you have a specific area of interest?
Hongkak Lee is the Professor
Great! It looks like 2 more upper level courses need to be taken by you.
Good afternoon, pupil!
Bertacco, Valeria
Which EECS courses did you like the most?
Do you have all the courses in mind or do you need more recommendations?
It's about how programs are run by computers and about the organization of a computer from a very low-level view.
you should choose something you want to do instead!
EECS203 is considered a fairly easy course.
Hey now, how are you doing today?
The two of them are less difficult than 475.
Is there any chance that you are changing from CSE to CS?
Any other questions?
What would you like to be advised on by me?
EECS 376 and EECS 370.
looks like you are on right track, credits wise!
What you have to say about your course selection for next semester?
I would suggest you to take EECS 183 in that case?
You can EECS 203 or 280, or both of them
For our course list would you prefer computer science?
Any other question?
you should be fine though!
129.1 is the class size.
Are large or small classes your preference?
How are you , can I help you?
Perfect, may I help you with any additional question?
You will need to have a 1.376 to graduate with a CS major
Yes, EECS 183 is a large class.
I find that you have to study EECS 484 to graduate.
Generally students have found this possible
You can now take a lot of upper level classes due to your eligibility.
Generally, it is not advised, but yes, you can.
If you are still interested in language courses, I'd suggest you take them in your junior or senior year.
Discrete Mathematics. Is covers probability, logic, functions, algorithms, intro combinatorics, graph theory, and discrete probability.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 85:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
Alright! You've been added to this class
It's about how algorithms for some nonnumeric problems are made.
The link to filing a petition is https://www.cse.umich.edu/eecs/graduate/cse/CSE.Petition.Request.Form.pdf
I would take EECS 376 since it is focused on theory, theory is very important for understanding computer science concepts.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
As a CSE major, you won't need to take EECS 183, since you already took ENG 100.
EECS 478 has a difficulty rating of 2.
How big is your preferred class?
Is your current major EECS?
Awesome! Next semester how many classes are you thinking about taking?
You'll find that nearly all EECS students end up taking EECS 183, 203 and 280.
The world's your oyster as far as electives go, so long as your other requirements are fulfilled.
370 might be helpful because the class involves finite state machines.
The difficulty level of this course is too high for a sophomore.
Hey, is there anything I can help you with?
It is Database Management Systems.
Can you reveal your preferences to me?
Is your freshman year going well so far?
Yeah, you can take EECS 492 Intro to Artificial Intelligence or EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems, which have comparatively larger class sizes.
EECS 496 is the ethics course you're talking about.
My suggestion is that you take 370 and 376 next semester, and take 281 later.
Since you enjoy math and discrete mathematics I would advise your enrolling in EECS 203
Depending on if you are good at math, 203 and 250 will be easy for you.
That class isn't too hard and the Professor Kieras is supposed to be pretty helpful.
It's a 4 credit course, the earlier one had 3 credits. This one has the discussion session.
What questions can I answer for you?
There are currently around 55 students in the class.
Any more questions?
My pleasure. Thank you also!
Sure thing! Please let me know if there's anything else I can do for you.
Perhaps, it depends.
If you want a clear professor, try EECS 494, EECS 381, and EECS 481, and avoid EECS 478 and EECS 441
A more theoretical class, EECS deals with mathematical foundations of computer science, deals with proofs and is a prerequisite for only a few other classes
Okay. Let me review your background.
Take EECS 183. It is better than the EECS 280 and the EECS 203.
You could take EECS 370 which is Introduction to Computer Organization
My recommendation would be smaller classrooms, because they are more hands on.
My recommendation is Physics 240 and an intellectual breadth class of your choosing so that you can continue on track.
Suggestions:  EECS 183.
anything else?
If you're looking at something with more of a moderate difficulty, you should take 478.
I see you have wholetaken a lot of courses not specifically for an EECS major., so are you minoring in anything?
Tell me what you're interested in.
Have you an interest in computer club?
The class size is 129.1.
While as an full-time undergraduate student, you are required to take 12 credits at least for one semester.
Hello, please let me know how I can assist you.
Which specific fields within computer science are you interested in?
I recommend EECS 281 for juniors like you.
Anytime! See you later!
Do you think you can handle another EECS course, or would you like to try a non-technical course along with this schedule?
and Thank you
You can start thinking about it when you are in your junior year.
This course is about theory and application of matrix methods to machine learning, data analysis and signal processing.
Let us know if there is anything else you need help with and thank you for coming in.
Of the classes, several are related.
A computer science class?
How much work do you think there will be?
I know you'll use SQL in 484, I don't know what programming language 494 requires.
How many courses would you like to take?
You would have to take EECS 281 and also 2 upper level CS classes
Hello
Because of your background, you can take a math course
Together, 203 and 280 generally pair up well
Easiness score of 3.67
Thanks, byebye
I am uncertain. Could you discover such schedule content through the use of a computer?
Instead, Web development
Typically, but no promises.
Is that because your course load looks pretty heavy next semester?
I must warn you, 482 is an incredibly difficult class, there is a lot of work involved.
Have a nice day.
Great! Most of the student follow up that course with EECS 280
However, doing 270 before 370 will make 370 much less difficult.
Have fun during your last semester.
Freely ask if you have more questions.
Another more focused class is EECS 547, which explores the field of Electronic Commerce
I think based on your previous courses, I would recommend you take EECS 280 or EECS 183
What about taking the foundation of computer science?
Sure thing. Have a great day!
neat class
What types of courses have you enjoyed in the past?
Taking those two classes together has a difficulty rating of 2+.
An introductory course that you might want to take is EECS 482.
You should definitely consider EECS 376, it will fulfill your requirements and set you up for future classes in Intelligent Systems.
The topics are you interested in, is what kind?
It is 2.59 out of a possible 5.
It's rating of easiness is 3.24.
How can I help you with advice?
I recommend you take EECS203 Discrete Math.
Based on what you like when it comes to class size, I think EECS 183 would be a good choice.
Thank You
In ENGR100, what grade did you receive?
It's a 4 credit crouse, the previous one is 3 credit. And this one has discussion session
How can I help you today?
3.24 is this classe's easiness rating.
No, EECS280 is a pre-requisite for EECS281, along with EECS203. You will have to do both of those courses to take EECS28
Please return if you need any more help.
It's got a workload of 2.5. If you had no problem with EECS281 then you'll be fine with this one.
Is there anything else anyone would like to ask?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Can you reveal your preferences to me?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 86:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
I think EECS482 is more useful for you!
Even though there are generally many sections of each, so you should be able to pick one that suitable for you.
You may also look at Software Engineering - EECS481
Apologies but I am an EECS advisor. You should probably talk with the LSA advisor.
How can I be of your assistance?
Yup, it's not too heavy on code.
EECS 203 is perfect  for you given your interest in discrete math and math in general.
I was good intro object
As far as your interests, what topics or fields come to mind?
i woul recommend taking EECS280 after looking at your coursework
Does EECS 545 Machine Learning sound interesting?
I notice that you are missing three required course for the major despite your senior standing in computer science.
In order to declare a major you must complete finish eecs183, eecs280, eecs203, and stats250.
And also you, goodbye!
I am not known with those classes
For you, I would also suggest "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" and "Discrete Math".
If one wants to learn web dev, EECS 485 is a great class. It goes over a lot of the basics and you make web apps with flask.
Mark Brehob teaches 373. Students think he's very helpful and very clear.
Great! Then EECS 485 might be just the thing that you're looking for.
EECS484 is offered in the daytime at 9am. The maximum seats is 129.1.
Oh yeah. Take it then if you are interested. Let me see anything else I can find......
Are there any questions that you may have?
The class is about 50 students, it is small.
software dev
This class is typically small, with an average enrollment of 12.
It is definitely a good amount of work, but you will be able to handle it.
EECS 475, Intro to Cryptography is an option. You will learn how to create secure software and communication systems.
larger classes taking Are you ok with
If you choose these two courses, I would also suggest you to take some other computer science courses.
Can I help you with something?
280 is a morning class.
If you are interested in some practical software development courses, there is a course for Computer Game Design and Development EECS494 or you could try Mobil App Development for Entrepreneurs EECS441.  I have noticed you previously took some courses in programming and database applications.
You must first complete your prerequisites
How can I be of assistance today?
Ok Bye! Bye!
If you are looking to take a big class try tot ake 281.
If the course load is too much, I would suggest you drop EECS280.
OK, what topics are you interested in?
Hi! What may I help you with today?
Hello, what is up?
How are you doing?
EECS 441 Mobile App development or EECS 494 Game development are my suggestions.
It might be a good time next semester.
There are many project based courses, EECS 381 or EECS 482 is recommended by me. They are project based and very informative.
Do you want to have a heavy or light workload next semester?
You're very welcome.
Awesome! I hope this has been helpful.
But you need to take EECS 280 before you can take EECS 281
Alright, any other questions?
Enjoy yourself from dawn to dusk.
The classwork is not overloaded and there are about  100 students in the class
Is that class fairly easy?
Is gaming of interest to you?
What types of computer science classes pique your interest the most?
Hi there! How can I assist you?
In general 280 is harder than the other class.
How can I assist you?
Design of Microprocessor Based System
Is there anything else you'd like my assistance for?
What can I help you with today?
Is that ok for you?
If you want to take those two courses together, you should consider taking a lighter course as well.
3.24 is the easiness score of 370 and 1.91 of 376.
Computer Science is  very tough but it is well worth it ! You talked of money before , well research shows that Computer Science major have a starting salary of over $100,000 per year. If you think you can't keep up , there are many people you can talk about time management skills and dealing with stress.
It might be difficult if you take both of these classes
This class is about introduction to mathematical foundations for computer science.
You could choose EECS 183, which is not as difficult as EECS 280 and EECS 203.
Hello. How can I help you?
You have yet to do some intellectual breadth courses, as well as Chem 211.
I would also recommend taking EECS 482
how did you find EECS 203, easy or difficult?
You are very welcome!
This course is good for people who like developing software.
Awesome! Appreciate you coming!
Ok, see you around!
The next courses you should be taking are EECS376, EECS281, and EECS478, based on what you've taken so far.
If PC hardware is your thing, you could take EECS 470, EECS 478, or EECS 373.
What are you interested in?
You can wait to take the latter course until you are beyond sophomore as it is more challenging.
Have you been to EECS381
It was nothing I was glad to do it. Goodbye
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.
It might be more difficult to take 280 before 203 because you'll learn a lot of useful information that will help you understand the material in 280.
What can I do for you today?
Which topic is on your mind?
EECS 281 will be the most important one for you because you didn't take it already.
I failed to acknowledge that.
Each of the two have a heavy work load.
There's a special topics class that sounds exciting!
I believe that you have successfully completed the prerequisite.
What would you like to major in?
Sure, go on
It is very common to be asked in interviews  about Algorithm.
If you plan on taking eecs280, it's a good idea to have some base programming skill
Straight to ricks 2017
Many pupils find 370 very interesting because it involves hardware
Are you thinking of taking 482 or 484?
EECS280 was a class I really enjoyed though.
And you also meet the prerequisite.
Based on the courses you have taken before, you should take: EECS376, EECS281, EECS478

C. options-for-correct-answers
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 87:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
What ever it is in addition you need to know, please go ahead and ask and I can help you understand.
Cool! Hope you got something from this
Take both as soon as possible if you are a sophomore to take the EECS 281.
You should go to their advising offices=
Great, go on.
Going by your records, I would recommend EECS49 OR EECS485.
The decision that has to be made here depends on how curious you are on AI and Mathematics
Reetuparna Das
Have a good day!
Do you enjoy circuits?
Do you want to take another course?
These classes alongside Chinese and Chemistry classes may be a heavier load. Consult the syllabus or professors of the classes for specfics on workload
Hello.
I am happy to be of service!
The average is 81.4 students.
It's a moderately hard class
You can see this, right?
I am happy to hear that.
Great! Most of the student follow up that course with EECS 280
Have a good day!
That's great, is there anything else you need?
In a way, it is hard for some people.  It is similar to EECS280, so if you didn't do well in that class I wouldn't recommend it.
Do you enjoy Engineering 101?
It should be what regular 3-credit classes demands
you can take the 300 series classes in  EECS after taking these two classes
Both classes have a moderate workload, so you could take both at once.
Based on your interests, I suggest you to take EECS 481 and EECS 492.
I'm good.  How can I assist you?
Are there any more questions?
Holly Christine Sipek teaches EECS 280 in a pretty clear and helpful manner.
I happened to notice that EECS 281 isn't on your course completion list.
You have the prerequisite, EECS 281, and with your interest in database, why don't you take EECS 484?
Maybe something more broad, such as EECS 280 or EECS 183?
EECS 381 is helpful and has good clarity.
EECS203 discrete math, for example, is a great start point
441 might be a good choice if you are interested in an android app
That will weigh a lot.
You're welcome.
I'd advise you to take EECS485.
281 is good to do next. It's easiness level is 2.53.
Most desired majors will profit from enrolling in this class.
It's a 4 credit course.
Can I be of any further assistance?
Is EECS477 Introduction to Algorithms recommended?
Professor Lee's class was very good when I took it.
While there is a difference between math 214 and 217, they are both linear algebra. Math 217 is applied linear algebra and considered to be the harder of the two courses.
You can go ahead and take all three  if you think you can handle the workload.
Can you manage the workload for the courses you have taken?
if you have any more question, let me know.
Do you think you would like that?
For sure!
EECS 482 is a class that I would recommend you take.
Which classes of EECS have you taken?
485 is a course about web development. It mainly uses Python.
Eecs 280 is a course you need to take for a lot of computer science courses including game design.
How much experience do you have with 270 and 215?
the lowest easiness course has a rating of 2.17 and is found hard by many students
How interested are you in Artificial Intelligence?
Are you comfortable with a small class size?
Certainly, what exact questions do you have?
I can help with that.
I think you are able to do well.
It appears that you need to take a few upper level CS courses in order to be able to graduate.
So in terms of opening up other classes, it is a good idea to complete it
The workload of EECS481 is less than the courses you've already taken, the other choices have a higher workload.
Morning! What can I do for you?
That sounds like a wonderful decision!
Sadly this term, it is only M/W.
I suggest EECS 441 based on your preferences.
You will need to take at least 4 upper level classes
You have a lot of programming experience from your software-oriented classes, so I would not think you'd find this class code-heavy.
Generally, it's taken during one of the final two semesters, so I'd hold off on it for now.
Are you looking for fun related courses or courses to complete your requirement?
I recommend taking EECS485.
Yeah, EECS 482 will be fine to take next semester.
EECS 281 is similar to EECS 280, which you have already taken, and EECS 370 seems to be like the next class up
My opinion is that you should enroll in EECS203 and EECS280 during one semester and then take the more advanced next level course EECSS376
How many classes do you want to take?
You're welcome.
Is computer science a subject that interests you?
EECS 376 is an easier class so I would suggest taking it with harder classes like EECS 482 or 381. I definitely suggest 370 because you need it for upper levels like 381 or 482.
Correct, 280 is a early class.
Okay, have a great day!
Hello there!
Would you be interested in taking EECS376, foundations of computer science?
You must take EECS if you intend to do a computer science major.
Hello, I'm able to help you with that!
281 is so much work that not many people take more than one other EECS with it.
Are you interested in mobile app development?
For you, the most important one will be EECS 281 because you haven't taken it yet.
Even if you find it difficult at first it gets better after mid-term.
Does the development of mobile applications interest you?
You must complete the other pre-req's first unless that is what interests you.
It seems you will need to take some upper level CS classes to graduate.
You will really get more out of this class than any of the other EECS courses.
Today, do you require any assistance from me?
That's great. You are awesome. Can I be of any other help to you?
Most people usually either take 203 with 280 or before 280, but it won't be much of a problem for you if you're taking it after 280.
Because EECS 280 and EECS 203 are the only ones you took, EECS 281, 370 or 376 are your only choices for the semester.
What are the courses that you like right now?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 is a course you need to take for a lot of computer science courses including game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 88:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
I would suggest based on your interest to take EECS 482 and also EECS 492 but just not in the same semester
Choose a math class that appeals to you.
Is there anything else?
Are you interested in mobile apps?
Though I think you could manage any of the options
EECS 203 is a good class you can take with 280
Hi!
Any more questions?
you could take 381 and 376 together.
Based on your background, I would recommend taking EECS 470.
Hello, did you receive this communication?
Any other questions for me?
Which topics are interesting to you?
What is the topic that you are interested in?
You sure can take EECS 482 next semester
Do you have any other concerns or questions?
If you want to have more choices for the following semester, you can do both at the same time.
If you do consider EECS 478, I would not recommend another hardware-based course
What classes are you thinking of taking?
The course about advanced database systems is called 584
Do you desire to learn more about compilers?
Based on your info, I would advise taking EECS 492
Hello, student. How can I help you  today?
How may I assist?
That sounds good.
Hi Max! Can I help you with something?
If you want, find out more information about EECS280
I would suggest a Discrete Math course like EECS203.
I don't recommend taking more than one other EECS class along with 281.
In what way may I be of assistance to you now?
Its workload is lighter.
No need to mention it.
The easiest EECS class you can take next semester is 183, Elementary Programming Concept.
The easiest of those classes is EECS 481.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
You are welcome!
Are you here for the course selection advising?
So I would suggest you to take 280 given your requirement.
Hi
Hi! What can I help you with today?
Which kinds of classes would pique your interest?
There are about 125 students
You are also missing your MDE, which is another 8 or so credits that you need to graduate.
It's nothing.
Based on your interests, you'll enjoy EECS 388 with EECS 485
It's been my pleasure, goodbye!
No problem! Please let me know if you have any other questions.
Have you taken the class EECS281?
Sure thing young man. Always willing to assist!
EECS 281 and EECS 203 are prerequisites for many other EECS classes, so I suggest you take them as soon as possible.
Yes it is. EECS 203 is required for several upper level CS courses.
I'm glad I could help!
The clarity rating for the course is 2.69.
Ok.  I hope this gave you a good idea of where to go from here.
This will be no problem.
All of us are welcome.
Actually,  EECS370  is just as difficult as EECS280
How can I help you?
This class has nearly 100 students and is offered in the afternoon.
I does not require EECS 281 as a prerequisite.
It is a harder class, however since you are only a junior and have finished all your requirement you can take it with a lighter course load
It is my pleasure that I was able to help. Bye
As a freshmen, I would suggest you start with EECS183
You should take eecs477 if that’s what your interest is
Sorry to tell you, you also have to techcomm and EECS 496 with your MDE.
Before more upper level courses you could take EECS 370.
Okay, which is important to you? Time, caliber, professor?
Does anyone have any other questions?
OK, then I would advise you to take EECS 280
EECS 376 has about 100 students
Sure thing. Have a great day!
The times for these classes have not yet been determined.
Are you looking for classes within you major?
I thought you were interested in math classes?
It looks like you've taken three upper electives, meaning you only need one more.
You may take 482, 484, 487, 481,485,477, 483, 493, or 441.
Yes
All of the classes are about 3 out of 5 on the scale of easiness.
I would recommend taking 376 if you struggled with EECS 203.
I would like to tell you that I am sorry because you feel that way.
Yes, you can take those courses
Good-bye!
It's in the afternoon.
If you're looking for computer architecture or low-level subjects your best bet is taking 370.
that class has a lot of material that will help you in the future courses
there are two core classes you can take next semester: EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms, and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization, though I don't have information on the course start and end time yet
Here are a few of the things you will be learning about in this course: concepts and methods about creating video games, including the history of games, animations, sprites, and game design.
Yeah. I would recommend that you try and take EECS 281 and EECS 376 together.
Great! You do not quite have all of your courses completed.
That sounds like you'd be interested in a computer science major!
What interests you in terms of classes?
I strongly recommend you take EECS 281 based on your condition.
I'm great! How may I assist you today?
Hey there! What can I do for you today!
eecs 280 and eecs 203 are alot harder then eecs 183.
let me check, ill look over your transcript.
I see that you have taken EECS281.  What field of CS is appealing to you?
A great start for instance is EECS203.
I suggest that sophomores take EECS281 and EECS370 as soon as possible.
Given that you have just completed ENGR 101, the next courses you should take are EECS 280 and EECS 203

C. options-for-correct-answers
let me check, ill look over your transcript.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 89:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
Since you are a senior standing, you are eligible to register for the course.
Given your history, it should be easy for you.
Great! Is there anything else you need?
Easiness rating of 2.53
EECS482 Introduction to Operating Systems is something you should consider.
Seniors entering the job market should look into EECS482 - Introduction to Operating Systems since it teaches what would be tested in that area for interviews.
I be thinking it is at least as hard as physics 240 which you were in last semester.
EECS 376 could be an excellent course if you want to develop more knowledge of the inner workings of a computer.
I see you have taken both ENGR 101 and calculus courses.
It is possible to try for it.
This is the advanced logic circuits course.
Hello!
How else could I help you out?
Titled is EECS
Might I suggest, based on what you’ve said, your taking EECS 281 and EE 370.
Are you interested in mobile app development?
Welcome!
I take the EECS 280
Does that work for you?
Around 120 is the class size, on average.
Eecs183's record shows that eecs203 will be a good choice.
What subjects interest you?
With regards to courses, what help are you looking for?
With what can I help you today?
Does that sound fun to you?
A perfect match for you would be EECS.
As your MDE  you can also take 473 enjoy it if you
Engineering math is what they love.
What, if any, concerns do you have?
It consists of the introduction of concepts and methods for design, creation, query and management of large enterprise databases.
sorry
It has an easiness rating of 2.17, so it seems to be relatively tough.
The instructor is Seth Pettie.
There aren't any times yet for next semester's classes.
Can I help you today?
You should take EECS 281 and EECS 203 as soon as you can since they are required for lots of other EECS courses.
Have you given any thought to what field you want to work in?
Actually, it's EECS 281 not EECS 271 like I told you.
Is machine learning something you are interested in?
Sure. Let me take a look at your background.
Do you have a specific area in which you're interested?
I suggest you prioritize classes that count towards your major, and only take extra classes if there is an opening in your schedule
You are more than welcome. The door of advising is always open for you.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
EECS376 is not the most popular course, so if you didn't like it that's understandable
Hi AJ, what can I help you with today?
That is correct. CS majors are able to take advantage of multiple resources unavailable to alternative majors
EECS 376 is very similar to EECS 203 and can be considered a follow up course
484 may be good choice to take as well, If you are interested in 482,
Your the one that's awesome not me!
The only math course available is EECS 203
I believe you can take EECS381 as well as EECS485.
Which courses in particular did you have in mind?
Hello Kescher, I would be happy to help you today
How are you, weilun?
Which major interests you?
Well I hope you have a great day then.
With your specific course load I would recommend adding EECS 470.
Then you can choose between EECS 494 or EECS 493 as your backup. Which one do you like?
That is right  EECS484 Database Management Systems or EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development are both options
Take a look at EECS475.
EECS484 is a lot easier than EECS482.
Okay I have you enrolled for both of those courses.
Alright. Any other questions?
Yep! Perhaps think about EECS 494.
In the math department here we only have graduate level courses, you are able to take some.
taking EECS 281 is recommended
Awesome. What are you questions?
Anything else I can assist you with?
Not a problem.
In the EECS section EECS 203 is the only class that you need to take next semester.
Hi, what could I help you with?
It also helps to complete your graduate requirements
EECS 280 and 203 go together well in the same semester.
EECS183 is an option to you if you liked ENGR151
You'll be able to declare after you take EECS 203
Then EECS280 would be highly recommended for you.
You have taken Logic design and electronic circuits courses which taught the subjects of electronics and logic circuits.
This course is pre-request for future course, such as EECS 484, EECS 485.
based on past feedback the clarity rating is 3.77
I reccoment EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts for you.
I don't think that would be effective because you will not be able to balance time between those three classe
You have 6 so you need 2 more ULCS credits to graduate. Are you really wanting to take more than 2 EECS courses?
Hello, is there anything I can do to assist you?
Its workload is lighter.
According to me you have switched majors early enough that you will graduate on time without any issue.
Of the available classes, are there any that you would want to take?
You still have time. EECS 475 is available if you would like it.
I urge you to learn EECS 482.
How is today going for you?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you want to signup EECS 270, that can be a recommendation. It doesn't count as CS elective course, but it is a prerequisite for EECS 470
Having only taken ENGR101, I don't think it is possible.
EECS 280 is much larger (around 167 every year), 203 is much smaller
Hello, how can I help you Kangxu?
How can I help you with advice?
Have you considered EECS482  Introduction to Operating Systems?
It looks like you've already completed 281, then you are already qualified to take many of the upper level courses.
Hi. How is your day going?
Are you feeling 280 difficult?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 90:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
What is there for me to help you with, today?
Is there something in your head?
A lot of concepts from EECS183 are in EECS280 as well.
As you are graduating soon, you need a few more Eecs classes. How about 484? It's a database class.
EECS 281: Data Structures and Algorithms would be my suggestions for a class you should take.
EECS 478 has a difficulty rating of 2.
The design of algorithms for some problems without numbers is what it talks about.
Neither one should be bad.
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable
According to your info, I suggest you take that one.
What do you need help with regarding the courses?
Students have little difficulty with the course.
The class size is larger, as it is a required class.
You have 30 credits already, but you need an additional 12 next semester.
376 is required to graduate.
By the end of this course you will have learned principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing.
You can enroll in EECS 203 and EECS 183 together.
I suggest you take EECS281 data structures and algorithms based on your background.
To fulfill your requirements, I strongly suggest you take the EECS classes.
Are you interested in Linguistics courses?
Were there any other subjects you enjoyed?
Have an awesome day!
Great. Are you more inclined towards hardware or software?
You will probably find the same for 281.
If you want some more math-heavy courses, then I suggest Intro to Algorithms and Matrix Methods.
What are are you looking to take classes in?
I see that you've already done ENGR 151, so you're off to a good start.
370 has a moderate work load so it is doable. It is a project based course but similar workload to 280
You don't have your MDE requirement covered. I don't think you can graduate right away.
It goes with your background.
Hello, I am Professor Shen.
In addition to that, the class does not have labs.
goodbye
Nice! Is web development an interest of yours?
Hey! How may I advise you?
Let me contemplate it.
That course is rated 3 in terms of easiness.
No, it has around 50 students.
These courses involve a lot of longer projects so it is important you keep up with your work
You will be able to take EECS electives, which could be some computer hardware courses, after taking 281.
Do you ahve any interest in taking any more EECS courses?
Another easy course is 441.
Would you prefer a class that you are in charge or that is structured?
It is more entertaining then 485 and 482. I think a course about video games will suit you perfect.
however to catch up, you can consider taking summer courses
Yes it is. EECS 203 is necessary for many upper level CS courses.
If you want a smaller workload, you can take only EECS 370 next semester and take your electives senior year.
You have quite a few options in courses to select from. What can I do for you?
In fact, it is a web development course!
Hi. How may I assist you today?
A big class is EECS484.
493 would be less work, if you are worried about having a balanced schedule.
Based on what I can see here, I would suggest that you take EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms
Hi, can I offer you some assistance today?
How deep in the knowledge base of EECS482 do you think we need to know to have a successful job interview?
Sure.
Okay, sounds good. Did you have any other thoughts or concerns?
Fundamental concepts of AI is what Introduction to Artificial Intelligence talks about.
That's fine. Have a good day!
Are you wanting to take more EECS courses?
Anything else you need to know?
You’re welcome
I want to see.
but it is quite helpful according to the feedback
This course is strictly about interactive computer graphics
That is wonderful!  Might you be interested in elementary CS courses or in advanced course?
Yes, I'm glad to help.
Yes, taking 373 would be a good idea.
Hello, student.
EECS 280 and 203 are some available classes that you can sign up for next semester.
482 operating systems might also peak your interest.
To me, it seems that you have taken many EECS advanced courses already
I'd therefore advocate that you take an EECS course.
EECS 493 is an option that you could take.
Interesting, you've taken EECS477.
Interesting! Go on!
Have a great day.
Not a problem!
280 would be my suggestion for you to take if you are not sure about specific fields.
This course scores 3.92 in helpfulness
How you doing today?
Can I help you with anything today?
Did you like 370? If so EECS 470 is an option that starts at 3 in the afternoon is about  computer architecture.  If you like 370 then this would be good to go further with that material.
That is great because that is what I am good at.
What year are you?
Are there any questions that you might have?
Then I highly suggest EECS 388, EECS 484 and EECS 482.
I suggest you take EECS485.
Of course! No issues!
You are welcome
You'll do fine in this class, as you've already taken Math 214 and 216.
hello
Alright, any other questions?
A class size of 99.6 is how big EECS482 is.
In that scenario, I recommend taking EECS 484: Database Management Systems next semester.
this is a fancy class
EECS381 could be a good fit for Software Develpment.
Hi! How can I help you today?
3.24 is the easiness score of 370 and 1.91 of 376.
What can I do to help you today?

C. options-for-correct-answers
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 91:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
It worths 3 credit
I suggest first signing up for these
Hello Kangxu, how can I help you
I have three courses in mind based on your interests.
My pleasure.
What topics are you interest in?
I hear it is very interesting.
When I look at my records it says that you already took Chem 130 in Fall 2007.
What do you prefer as far as courses: ones that help you more or less?
It does have a section for discussion.
I hope your class isn't too difficult.
The class is designed to make you like programming and getting to know people, it shouldn't be too difficult.
There's an Introduction to Cryptography course you could take called EECS 475.
There is a class that I would suggest for you, it is EECS 484. The class is one that focuses on databases and database management.
Hi, how's it going
Do you have a preference, operating system or database management?
In EECS 482 one will learn how to build complex software systems.
i woul recommend taking EECS280 after looking at your coursework
Hello
I'm glad you found it helpful.
You're welcome.
A difficult class to take you would like?
Then there are many options available to you.
Any other questions for me?
Right you are.
How many EECS classes are you looking to take?
It looks like since you are a freshman and new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
They usually could EECS 281 with EECS 370 or EECS 376.
I highly recommend taking 203 and 280 for upper level CS courses requirements.
What sort of help do you need?
You need to sign up for Chemistry 211 along with some intellectual breadth courses.
I suggest you take EECS 370 since it is a requirement for graduation.
Is software development your only interest?
On Monday and Wednesday it goes from 3PM to 4:30PM.
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.
Alright. Goodbye!
Do you have an interest in computer organization?
EECS 376 is my suggestion for easier workload
2. 376, 370, and 281
This is dependant on your own preference.
prof is always upper levels
If you're interested in similar topics, EECS 492 has plenty on them
If I were you, I would take this course next semester.
EECS485, Web Database and Information Systems are some ULCS electives that might interest you.
If you want something a little more heavier on your semester, consider taking another lighter course.
Hi, I'm great, thanks, and yourself?
That might be a good choice for you.
As the first programming course, it is what most computer science majors will take.
In 482 you study many topics important for operating system design and implementations. You learn multi-tasking; concurrency and synchronization; inter-process communication; deadlock; scheduling; resource allocation; memory and storage management; input-output; file systems; protection and security.
It's close to 71.
EECS376 really needs background that is taught in EECS280.
You should talk to the general engineering advisor so that you can find out about how you can stay a full time student by taking other courses.
Could you please give me your background details before I provide you with advice?
EECS 370 is a simple class, and 484 is also doable too, but if you do not enjoy mathematics or had hard times in EECS 203, you may have to put efforts for EECS 376.
The Computer Vision class is EECS442 and the Introduction to Operating Systems is EECS482.
Based on your background EECS376 would be your best option.
Typically, 280 is much harder than the other.
In order to graduate with a CS major, 37 is required.
Well, EECS 370 covers computer organization. It's a prerequisite for a lot of courses on that topic, like EECS 482, which is pretty popular.
What is interesting to you?
Oh you're welcome
OK, have a fine day! Bye!
You are interested in what?
Are all your questions answered?
I do recommend taking that class if you're interested in algorithms, but it's always better to do when you've gained more experience.
281 and 370 are the roads to take.
You have to take the pre major course EECS 203 Discrete Math.
This would be a natural course to take if you enjoyed 492
Can I take another eecs class before EECS 203?
EECS484 and EECS485 are available to take.
Software Engineering - EECS481 is another option.
Times have not been finalized at this time.
The upper level eecs course requires a 281.
So far you've only done one upper level CS class. That was EECS 475. You still need three more upper level CS classes and one MDE.
EECS 281 is usually considered to be of moderate difficulty
Think about taking EECS 280 next time.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
Greetings, Chong. How may I assist you?
EECS 183 may also be a nice class to take.
I think you should be alright.
I don't think it is a problem.
You're welcome, I hope I answered everything.
What's your question on CS
Do you need help with something today?
EECS 281 is the pre-req course for all higher level classes
I am here to give advice. Is there something I can assist you with?
Anything I can assist you with today?
For what did you come to advising
Would you want a lab session included in the class?
Good-bye!
The class is called Machine Learning.
You need 3 upper level CS classes because this is only 12 upper level credits whereas graduation requires 16.
TakeEECS203 and EECS280 if you major in CS
Students have been known to find this very easy to do.
What would you think about studying natural language processing?
good! How are you doing?
It is called Elementary Programming Concepts.
To fulfill a prerequisite?
Is that all?
Hello! How can I be of help today?

C. options-for-correct-answers
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 92:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
How can I be of assistance today?
If you want an easy class take Introduction to Cryptography.
According to the data, this is one of the classes that will be helpful to you.
Sure, join the class.
Wow tell me more! What is your major?
According to your background, I recommend you to take one of these EECS 470: Computer Architecture and EECS 478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization FA 2011
Any other thing you are particular about?
As it opens up a lot of course options sooner.
The EECS183 acronym means Elementary Programming Concepts.
Are there classes that interest you?
I would suggest you take EECS370, ACCORDING TO YOUR PREFERENCE
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Professor Strauss is one who helps moderately
Hi, can I help you with anything today?
Between EECS 281 and EECS 370, EECS 281 people tend to rate 281 more intense
Great. I believe you can take EECS 485. I can try it first to see how it is.
Around 55 students are usually taking the class.
Yea Sure, no problem!
EECS 481 is possible if you want to take MDE.
They're all pretty challenging but 370 is probably the easiest of that group.
So you are mainly interested in hardware?
How can I be of service to you at this moment?
Are that many taken by you before?
The class size is normally around 167 students.
Welcome
A large number of algorithms along with essential programming concept are covered in that course.
It is happening in the afternoon.
As far as your preferences, what is the difficulty range?
CS majors must complete EECS 183, EECS 280, and EECS 281. You should do 281 next since you've completed 183 and 280 already.
EECS 370 could be taken before you take more upper level courses.
Since you've taken the 484 database course, I am assuming you've data systems under your belt.
Professor of Cryptography is Kevin Fu who has great clarity and helpful rating.
It looks like you've taken some hard courses. I think you can take EECS 376 with one other upper level CS class.
Based on your class size preference, I recommend that you take that.
Taking 370 with 281 would be the better option because 376 is rated as more difficult than 370.
Next semester, I really think you should take this course.
Each is a large class.
Do you have an interest in a particular area, or do you want to knock out the requirements for your major?
Do you have any interest in databases?
The teacher for EECS 481 next semester is David R Chesney.
Based on what I see here, I suggest you take EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms
Which class are you a part of?
Okay. Let me review your background.
I'm proud of having good grades.
That is Correct
It would be important to take EECS 281 if you want to take more advanced EECS courses
He's a good lecturer.
Sounds nice. You can take EECS475, which is Intro To Cryptography.
Are there any more questions?
Would you like more information?
How are you doing?
If I were you, I would take EECS281 and EECS370 next semester.
Have a good day!
Computer science, how about it?
Both math 214 and 217 are linear algebra, 217 is the more challenging of the two.
You're so welcome
EECS 183 is the only other light EECS class I could suggest right now.
Good, you will have a great semester hopefully.
I suggest EECS 280 and EECS 203.
Test covering Object Oriented and Advanced Programming
You can take a more general core class, like EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, to get even more ideas of what topics interests you.
There are no classes that you can take in Software Dev right now.
Do you have any more questions?
About how many total students do you prefer to be in your class?
No problem!
Are you interested in a major in CS?
What area of computer science are you interested in?
Accomplishing success is achievable.
Choose between computer software or hardware.
Tanvir, how are you?
No problem. Sure.
The different between 376 and 370 is 376 deals with computation theory and 370 is about the computer and operating system.
You could take a difficult combination of EECS370, EECS376, and EECS281 if you really feel like working like crazy. It's a quite difficult combination, though.
I would recommend you drop one for them
where do u want to explore
Alright, any more questions?
Oh, ok, yea if you're interested take it, and I'll see what else I can find.
Yep, it's a big class.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hi, I'm doing fine. How about you?
And did you like them?
EECS 441 would be the class to take if you are interested in mobile development
3 credits is what it's worth
Is everything ok?
EECS373 is a recommended course for those interested in computer hardware.
Are more CS upper level credits something you need more of?
Bye Varsha!
You seem to be preparing for engineering.
I recommend you taking EECS484, since you've already taken 281.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
EECS 492 Introduction to AI would be good for you based on your interests.
Just to make certain, you've taken EECS 203, 280, and 281?
Perhaps the class EECS 280 or EECS 183 since it's more broad.
In the meantime, it would help you to take STATS250 or MATH214.
Are you interested in database systems?
Do you know the requirements for next semester?
EECS280 and EECS 203 are commonly done together. It'll be a heavy, but manageable workload.
A hard class is EECS 281.  It's a 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey but it's not overwhelming.
These two courses are not difficult.
Hi there! Can I help you with anything today?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Can your preferences be told to me by you.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 93:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
Hi, how are you doing?
Awesome!!.  If you saw wesstorld, I would suggest taking EECS 492 to learn about AI
No problem! Have a nice day ahead
First name Michael, Middle name John, Last of Cafarella
Computer Science, you like?
What if you take EECS 203?
I hope your final semester goes well!
It is my suggestion that you take EECS281 which has an Easiness Rating of 2.53.
It has yet to be set.
Taking EECS281 can open doors for you. Do you want low or high level programming?
Glad you're back. What do you need?
What do you find to be the purpose behind advising?
Is everything going well?
Did you like 370? If so, EECS 470, offered at 3PM, is about computer architecture. If you liked 370 then this would be a good follow up to that material.
What are some topics you're interested in?
Take a look at the online course workload survey if you want to base your schedule purely on difficulty.
eecs485 focuses on databases and includes web apps.
I think you will need to take EECS 376, 281 and 370 before you can do other EECS classes.
EECS 280 class size is 167.4 and have a morning lab.
Ensure that EECS 370 prerequisites student should have taken EECS 280.
My suggestion is taking EECS280 to improve your base coding knowledge
I suggest taking easy courses along the way since the work load is heavy if you take them all together.
Neither do I know him personally.
I feel bad for your feeling that way.
Hi, how can I help you today?
How many classes are you planning on taking in EECS next semester?
Yeah, that would be better.  Come back if you have more questions.
How are you feeling today?
Next semester, Martha Pollack is teaching 203.
You have yet to take course EECS 203.
If you want to take the two courses together, one more course is needed to take next semester.
This course's level of difficulty is only 2.23.
Hi AJ, what can I help you with today?
Great! You do not quite have all of your courses completed.
You're welcome! Bye
Well, are you interested in EE, CE or CS? Or some combination of those?
EECS484 is a prerequisite course for EECS584.
I recommend removing one from them.
How can I be of use to you?
If you want to take an additional EECS class as well as 281 you shouldn't take 376 because it's project-based and unlike 370 and 281.
How can I help you sir?
This course is required by some companies to locate an internship.
Are there any other questions you have?
For a first year student, I would recommend you to take required courses such as EECS280 and EECS203 next term.
You need to take EECS 280 and EECS 203 before declaring the major and if you want to major in CS
Both EECS 481 Software Engineering and EECS 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence are suitable for your situation.
As soon as possible, Sophomores should take EECS281 and EECS370 .
In regards to EECS courses, these are the only ones left for you to take
Before taking eecs 281, you must finish eecs 203.
Any particular course choices in mind ?
Are you interested in taking more computer classes beyond engr101?
It's moderately rated. It's slightly easier than 281.
It's given a rating of 4.13/5 in helpfulness.
Hey! What's up?
Sounds good therefore no problem!
It takes place from 3:00-5:00pm.
take it easy, and I'll see you around
No way definitely not
To take it in one semester would be hard.
Another more focused class is EECS 547, which explores the field of Electronic Commerce
You need 281 in order to take other upper level eecs course.
EECS 203 has a medium hard rating and is recommended for next semester. You should take easier classes with it for balance.
Any concerns or questions about the course?
EECS 370 paired with EECS 376
Hi, there. What can be done by me for you?
It looks like you already took Math 216, so I would recommend not repeating
For Hardware, I recommend you try EECS 478.
I would suggest taking EECS492
Hello, what brings you to my office today?
Because you have taken ENGR101 you do not need to take EECS 183.
I notice that you've already taken EECS281. What fields of CS interest you?
Do you like computer science courses over others based on the previous courses you took?
EECS 441 is an MDE with a relatively low workload, tailored towards web and mobile development.
Do you need a teacher to push you
Discrete mathematics includes mathematical concepts in computer science, and is taught in EECS 203.
Intro to Comp organization ecs370
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.
Since you are a junior and have finished a lot of classes you may take a lighter workload and an easier course.
Does that interest you much?
Yea, that is correct
About 170 students
Lingjia Tang teaches a class on Compiler Construction.
Great. That is what I am good at
Well let me take a look.
Hi, how are you today?
And have a good day.
ENGR183 is a class I encourage you to take.
This particular course is called Interface Development.
Absolutely!
Cool, do you have experience with programming?
EECS 183 would be my recommendation.
You're welcome and good luck to you!
I would recommend 492 Artificial Intelligence. We did very interesting NLP stuff when I graded for that class.
I recommend you taking EECS595 as a graduate level course based on your interests.
EECS 281's Pre-requisite is EECS 203.
Greatly superb
EECS478 (Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization) is available during Winter 2014. Taught by professor Armin Alaghi, EECS 478 is a 4 credit course focusing on advanced design of logic circuits.
You are most welcome.
hi ian. how ya doin?
The workload of EECS485 is much the same as general 4 credit classes

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 94:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-next:
It looks like you have most of your pre-requisites out of the way and you can start taking some more EECS courses
Are you interested in logic circuit synthesis and optimization?
Would you also like to take up a math course next semester?
the next core requirement for the CS Major is EECS376
Do you have prior experience with machine learning.
What kind of topics do you like?
Does EECS spark your interest?
The instructor is easy to understand; he has a clarity rating of 3.77
Because many students take them at the same time, I'm sure that their schedule won't conflict.
Hold on
Sounds fine to me. EECS475 Intro To Cryptography is a class you can take.
Introduction to Cryptography is easier than Introduction to Computer Organization.
If that's all, have a nice day!
What is the required info?
Are there math requirements?
What do you find interesting?
EECS 484 has a lighter workload relative to other EECS electives.
Did you like EECS 270?
No worries!
That's especially true because 470 is an introductory course.
Then I'll suggest you to take EECS 545
Next semester are you interested in taking EECS classes
What is something that you need help with?
Yes. Of course! Based on your areas of study I would suggest EECS 481 Software Development.
What side of things are you more interested in, the hardware or software side of things?
Bye, good luck in your studies.
You will have to take the course EECS 203 before EECS 281 as it is a requirement.
Will this be okay?
The course begins at 15:00, and ends at 16:30.
370 is taken before 376 by most students.
Which subject would you enjoy; imaging processing or machine learning?
Thank you, enjoy your day.
What is your purpose here today?
They are both large classes, with about 80 to 90 people.
A good recommendation on a course to take next would be EECS 376.
Is there specific criteria you are using to make your selection?
EECS280 might be something you'd like to look at as well.
I believe that you took EECS 280.
Unless you have extra time in your schedule, I would recommend sticking to 484. If you need another class, you may consider taking EECS 381.
How much do you like Artificial Intelligence?
Anything else you'd like to ask?
I can do that.
The amount of work required for EECS477 is medium.
Do you expect to have a heavy
Usually there are 50 people allowed in the course.
You are very welcome. You are always welcome to receive advise here.
It gives 4 credits with a class size of around 40 students.
EECS is an intro level  course on algorithm analysis plus O-notation and various sub categories, with multiple programming assignments
If you want to try an easier class, I insist on EECS 373.
493 would be an easier workload, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
Are you interested in taking software related classes?
If you are taking a high level language class, I would be against more than 2 EECS classes.
Good deal!  No issues. Have a good one now!
Do you need help?
Have a good evening!
I can assist you with it.
EECS545 as well as EECS592 are hard courses.
There is one class in that area: EECS 485: Web Database and Systems
You are also required to take EECS 496 and TCHNCLCM 497 as part of your Major Design Experience
EECS 545 is not like EECS 492 - which is worth 4 credits - it is only worth 3.
It seems you have completed many advanced EECS courses.
Hi there! Shall we?
How are you doing today?
About one hundred
I should prerequisite Eecs 280 for most computer classes, including game design.
Are you still with me?
That is a good grade.
People seem to like 486 because it is not code intensive.
What subjects do you like?
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
Only about 167 students enroll in the class.
EECS376 really needs background that is taught in EECS280.
For Algorithms for beginners, take EECS477.
Don't you know that would be a perfect fit for you ?
Also good for you would be EECS373, I think.
You're welcome
My suggestion will be EECS484!
You are very welcome and good bye!
Hello student
You're welcome.
I thought it is very interesting.
OK. Do you have an idea of what topics in CS you want to learn about that aren't hardware related?
I suggest EECS 280 and EECS 203.
You don't appear to have enough background on EECS.
Hi, what can I do for you?
Ok. How many credits are required for graduation?
Please sit down.
No worries!
That will be a pretty full semester. I suggest you take another upper level cs class with a lower workload
Cool, is hardware or software your desire.
Upon looking, I'm seeing EECS 582 being offered next semester.
The general consensus on this class is that it is of average easiness, so you should do fine.
If I may suggest, as you require 16 more credits, the rest of your schedule should have some intellectual courses prior to graduation.
you can expect to work a lot because the course is for 4 credit hours
It worths 3 credit
Yes, if you take your 4 ULCS classes and your MDE in the next 3 semesters you can graduate on time.
Linear algebra courses can be found in math 214 and 217, but the level of difficulty is greater in math 217.
You'll be able to take advanced classes next semester, if you take this class.
Hi; afternoon!
Are you interested in programming?

C. options-for-correct-answers
I should prerequisite Eecs 280 for most computer classes, including game design.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 95:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-next:
I would take it if I was you.
Great, how are you today?
EECS 376 has a professor who isn't particularly helpful, EECS 281 is a course you will be interested in with a helpful professor.
I would recommend you take EECS484 because of your specific situation.
I would add that you should take  eecs549 since this course is centered around information retrieval.
Sounds nice. You can take EECS475, which is Intro To Cryptography.
12:00-1:30 pm T/TH
It found that people generally find 370 to have a light to moderate workload.
He's a good professor
I see you have a lot of classes to choose from. How can I help you?
Great! Let me think for a while.
What would you like me to advise you on?
What are you interested in?
Fantastic
It is a core class and Igor L Markov is the instructor.
Sounds good. What topics are you interested in?
That is right, isn't it?
Hi, how may I be of assistance?
Why doesn't 281 appeal to you?
EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts is suggested for freshers.
As far as computer science, what field do you consider most interesting?
As per me you should take another class since you have already taken this class
The size of class EECS 481 is 63.71.
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.
before you can take upper level eecs electives you will need to take eecs281
What about Discrete Math and Elementary Programming Concepts?
Computer security & networks
There are around 130 people in the class.
I would recommend taking as many of the requirements as possible this semester, but you might not be able to finish by the end of the year.
My advice is to take both courses.
Yes, to start you could take EECS 381, Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
EECS281 is the same.
Because you are interested in hardware I suggest you take EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor-based Systems.
EECS students should take 281 as a core course.
EECS376 isn't very popular, so I understand if you didn't like it.
What are some of the topics that you are interested in?
Have a wonderful day.
Yes, EECS 183 is a good course and easy.
Fresher should take 183 first.
There are several requireed core courses you will need in order to declare your major as computer science.
Good morning, how can I help you with?
Yep! Since you have mostly been taking STEM courses up to this point it would be good to explore some other options, there are many interesting choices
Are there any other things you are interested in?
Good morning Elaine!
Which one do you want to know more, microprocessor, computer architecture, and logic circuit synthesis?
Don't worry. This class starts at 10:00 in the morning and ends at 12:00 in the noon.
No, EECS280 is a pre-requisite for EECS281, along with EECS203. You will have to do both of those courses to take EECS28
Is that something you're interested in doing?
Whats your interest leve in Artificial Intelligence?
Really not.
545 would be the next course I would recommend, based on your previous endeavors.
It has a small class size of about 50 students.
Hello, how are you?
Do you want to look at the list of intellectual breath classes available to you?
Because of your stellar grades, you should be able to do this easily.
Intellectual breadth courses are often good to take when you have other courses with heavy workloads
Is it interesting?
You could consider taking EECS 595 if you eventually do take EECS 445
How are you to handle the workload of these courses you took?
An option would be EECS, as it is required and the workload is lighter.
Professor Chesney is the best!
Good, and how are you?
The class gives 4 credits.
The mathematical foundation of computer science (discrete math) is taught in 203.
This course isn't that difficult, only 2.23.
EECS485 is a big class, true.
How do you like EECS477?
It's well-known that EECS is hard.
Do you have any other questions?
EECS370 workload is somewhat harder than EECS281 and EECS280.
Yes, CS majors can persue a double major in the EECS department.  But they can only do this with EE.  They can't do it with data science because it overlaps too much to count as a double major.
Are there any other questions?
Goodluck with next year for semesters, tree class will be nice
Is harder classes your preference?
Hod do you like EECS484?
They are both large classes.
Many students come into it without skills though and there are many resources to help.
Taking EECS 281 for me would be a good decision
You can consider taking either EECS 492 which is an AI course, or EECS 545 which is about Machine Learning.
EEECS445 is a very important course for AI.
Based on your experience, it should simple for you?
I don't know details, but it's a core class like 281.
Since you took 281 already, you're qualified to take a lot of the upper level classes.
Popular courses are popular for a reason; they can prove to be quite useful.
You must take an easy non-CS class to balance the workload.
I think you should take Machine Learning, if you are interested.
This major design class also satisfies graduating requirements.
Are you ok with it?
Multithreading concepts might be critical for backend
What do you want?
Is there something else you wish to discuss?
You first must have your other requirements completed and can then do any other electives.
In my opinion 376 or 307 will be good as you've already taken 281.
You should take EECS281.
This course is popular with the students and many want to register.
Are you interested in for the work
What are are you looking to take classes in?
It covers applications and web technology also.
I also suggest EECS 376, if you're looking for easy course
Oh, too bad, how about another class?

C. options-for-correct-answers
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 96:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-next:
Artificial intelligent is pretty easy, its eecs 492. you can also try the sp is, ppp
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes
You can take EECS 281 with either EECS 376 or EECS 370
Class will be held on the afternoon of Wednesday.
As far as popularity, there are these 2 courses.
William C Rounds is the instructor.
The coursework might be too hard for a sophomore.
what tops intrigue you
Will you take EECS376, Foundations of Computer Science?
If you are interested in CS, then I suggest you take EECS280 next semester.
There aren't any other MATH and ENGR courses that i know of
Have a good one
Do you have any interest in Machine Learning?
Are compilers of interest for you to learn about?
Can I help further?
welcome! If there's something else I can do for you let me know
Have you taken a major? What classes are you interested in taking?
It should be what regular 3-credit classes are demanding.
Probability, logic, functions, algorithms, introductory combinatorics, graph theory, and discrete probability are covered in Discrete Mathematics.
In that case, I would suggest EECS482.
No, you are cool!
A moderately difficult class is EECS 183
Ok, Bye!
I need to find out the number of upper level cs credits required for graduation.
It's clearly not an easy schedule, but it isn't any more difficult than what you dealt with your previous terms.
A good foundation in computer science can be found with these two courses.
Glad I could help!
Ok. Based on your situation, I suggest you take EECS489 later and first take the prerequisite in this semester.
the primary focus of this course is theory and application of matrix methods to signal processing, data analysis and machine learning
Professor Jamin
Would you like to have a lot of work next semester?
What's your current year of study?
Yes, you meet the requirements for EECS484
Engr101 covers the essential
Neat, what can I do to help you?
alright, hope this was supportive!
What area interests you?
I strongly recommend that you definitely take EECS 281 next semester
Choosing any specialization will benefit your from taking course.
Back in the days, Professor Honglak Lee's class was very good.You should take it.
Before starting any upper levels like EECS 475, I think you ought to finish 281 and 370 first
Does that help? Are you confident now?
Hi.
There is no doubt that it is more difficult to do 280.
Yes! It is my opinion that if you go to office hours you can pass upper level classes. Professors are really helpful.
It is a lot of work but I believe you should be able to handle all of it.
EECS 370 is Intro to Computer Organization. You will learn how low-level language interact with computer hardware.
I recommend you EECS203 Discrete Math
Have you decided between EECS280 or EECS183?
A helpful class would be EECS183.
What's in it for you?
Straight to ricks 2017
Appreciate you coming.
492 is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence and 442 is Computer Vision
One must take EECS370 to get a degree in computer science.
Mr. Michael J Cafarella
Three classes in the last semester can be tough.
What's your opinion on EECS 481 or EECS 477?
Theory and application of matrix methods to signal processing, data analysis and machine learning will be taught in this course.
Let me see.
Is the advisor you?
Hello. Can I help you with anything?
What topics do you find interesting?
I hope next semester is the best for all of you
Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, the lectures will be at 10 am.
Also EECS 280.
EECS 370 is also a great course for your major.
Here are some courses suited for you: EECS 484, EECS 485 and EECS 481.
Hi, what can I do to be of assistance?
what would you  love to Study
EECS 281 is the bigger one.
Computer Science is very difficult, but it will be worth it! You brought up money before, well research has shown that Computer Science majors make a starting salary of over $100,000 per year. If you are becoming too overwhelmed, there are plenty of people that you can contact to discuss time management skills and learning how to deal with stress.
If you fail, you can take the class again.
What field of computer science are you interested in taking classes in?
If you have software development as an interest, I recommend you take EECS481 Software Engineering.
Due to not having taken an algorithm course before, you should enroll in EECS 281.
Unfortunately, you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester but Eecs 281 is also necessary.
I could recommend 478, Logic circuit synthesis and optimization building on that.
After completeing the class EECS 183 I realized it was quite hard
EECS 470, have you considered ?
Depending on if you are good at math, 203 and 250 will be easy for you.
If I were you, that would be my decision.
Let me check the workload survey!
Hello. Can I help you?
this course is a lot of work
Sorry, a LSA advisor would be of more assistance than me because I'm an EECS advisor.
If you liked ENGR151, you can try EECS183
It looks like since you are a freshman and new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for classes beyond EECS 281.
You are also missing your MDE, which is an additional 8 or so credits that you need to graduate.
If you're looking for a class on intelligent systems, EECS 492: Introduction to artificial intelligence is a good start.
Are difficult classes your preference?
These classes are basic and involve elementary coding and math concepts that are essential to grasp before taking on the more advanced classes.
Considering your background, i would suggest EECS183.
You are welcome, bye!
Sure that’s easy!
For Programming and Introductory Data Structures take EECS280.
376 is the easier course, but 281 is required.
What do you prefer as far as courses: ones that help you more or less?
How can I assist you today?
Both are fairly neutral.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Unfortunately, you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester but Eecs 281 is also necessary.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 97:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-next:
I see you took EECS 270 and EECS 370. Did you enjoy those classes?
Do you need further assistance?
No problem. Have a fine day.
You can check past students' rankings yourself at http://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/all_survey.2016.htm
Have you set your major yet?
What's your question on CS
Of course! Are you considering computer science as a major?
EECS203 is necessary
Hey there, I am your course advisor. Can I help you with something?
Sorry, no. This adds up to 12 credits of upper level CS classes and you need 16 to graduate. So in addition, you will have to take three upper level CS courses overall.
How about EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence?
Most students take EECS 281 in their Sophmore year, which I what I recommend for you.
Hope this was helpful info!
You are very welcome!
It might be updated by us later.
Certainly! Anybody have any questions?
Labs are not with either option.
Because its in the morning.
Is EECS477 Introduction to Algorithms recommended?
The best one for you is 203.
Which class in the EECS category would you like to take?
Those are your only two engineering course options for a CS major.
Name is Sugih Jamin
This is okay, right?
Considering what you have already learned, I think EECS281 is a good choice.
You still have 3 core classes left given your enrollment record.
Which do you prefer, software development or web development?
What keeps you most engaged?
Hello!
Have you taken the class EECS281?
are you certain you don't have any other questions?
Majoring in CSE requires a lot of credits, so you'll need to plan ahead if you want to do a double major or something.
I think this helped you! Cya later.
If you have software development as an interest, I recommend you take EECS481 Software Engineering.
Anything else to ask?
How many students are you interested in having in your class?
If you took EECS 281 than you sould take EECS 370 and 376 next year.
What classes you're going to pick for the next semester today?
You will get 4 credits.
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable
I find some of your options to be agreeable to me.
Hello, what's up?
Good, you will have a great semester hopefully.
Stats 415 and 470 are the best statistics class levels to take.
A prerequisite for most upper level cs is EECS 281.
Glad to help
I am Eric.
You will probably have difficulty in EECS 376 if you had a hard time in EECS 203 and you don't enjoy math. EECS 370 is rather easy and 484 is doable too.
I suggest EECS 475 for its lighter workload than most upper level EECS courses.
If software development interests you, I would recommend taking EECS481 Software Engineering.
Is CS your major or choice?
For this class the size is 58
Students must take EECS 280 before they take EECS 370.
I've heard from other students that it's a pretty hard course.
Hi, how may I help you?
I have no idea what time that class will be.
Would "computer Game Design and Development", "User Interface Development", "Software Engineering, or "Computer Network Security" be of interest to you?
Hi, how can I help you?
I would suggest joining the Michigan Data Science Team, and giving Deng a follow on Facebook, as he posts some really random but very relevant information.
Given the options of math oriented courses or programming course, which one do you like more?
What do you like?
Do you have a preference on class size?
How difficult did you think EECS 280 was last semester?
You should know some probability and linear algebra if you want to be a data scientist or software engineer.
OK well goodbye!
I think you should take as many of the required classes as possible this semester, you may be unable to finish by year's end.
EECS 376, a prerequisite fo other classes, is less practical application and focuses more on proofs and mathematical foundations of computer science.
Hello
But if you really wanted to, you could take another easy higher level such as EECS 493
The course is good because it is helpful for learning hardware.
Some people told me great things about the course EECS494, Video Game Design.
EECS203 is less hard than EECS280 based on last year's feedback
Hi, how is your course these days?
I would recommendt taking one course of breadth credit for your next term
Hello, what can I help you with?
Total number of classes you'd like to take?
All sophomores should take EECS 203.
373 will be meeting at 10:30 to 12 on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
What is your major, EECS?
Pragmatic aspects involved in the production of  software systems include structuring principles, design methodologies, and informal analysis.
For 281 there are 2 prerequisites, 280 and 203.  You need what is taught in those classes to get through 281
It is best to take EECS 376 first. If you think you can handle it, you can take a EECS course at the next level.
EECS 271: Introto algorithm analysis and O-notation
Baveja, Satinder Singh
Yi, can I help you?
It will have a good amount of work, but you should have no problem with it.
Do you find circuits enjoyable?
Hello!
Fabulous! It was great to have you here!
Can I provide some help?
eecs 280 and 203 are the next logical steps for a cs major.
Thanks, I'm happy to help.
How is your interest in computer software?
Yes, I am offering you aid.
Does class size usually matter to you?
You are most welcome, and have a pleasant day.
Are you interested in web development?
Did you need something?
Success is possible with this course, but it is easier for those with a background in machine learning.
CS employers tend to appreciate holistically challenging courses

C. options-for-correct-answers
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 98:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-next:
What can I do for you today?
The class has roughly 55 students, typically.
Hi! Why are you in my office?
What is your preferred class size?
Hello what can I help you with
Hello. How can I help you?
Here is Michael John.
I recommend you to take EECS 376 if you prefer less workload
I believe in your case you should take EECS 18
Based on your preferences EECS 281 would be a good fit for you.
What would you prefer out of system, web or software development?
No problem, bye now
Can I help you?
The class has a difficulty rating of 3.
Can you see this?
Did you find the hardware aspect of 370 enjoyable?
If you have prior experience with Calculus then I recommend taking EECS203.
What topics are you into?
The Design of Microprocessor Based Systems is this class.
What do you recommend as a corequisit?
The EECS482 class size is 99.6.
Do you think game design classes would be of interest to you?
How big is your ideal class?
There is additional information I can provide on these.
Does that sound interesting?
So it would improve my performance in 280, Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
You haven't taken EECS 482. I would recommend it as it is said to be quite useful.
It is strongly recommended by me that based on your condition you take EECS 281.
If you do, I'd suggest you take something that is easier such as EECS 477
Yep, In the summer, Stats 250 is available.
You're in the right place, this is the computer hardware course.
Don't take EECS 484 because it is from 9:00AM to 10:30AM on Monday and Wednesday.
Yes, of course.
May I help you with something today?
Hello do you need any help
484 will show you more about databases, so it appears you are more intrigued by that.
Are you planning on taking EECS 203 next semester?
as far as MDEs go,  do you have a preference?
If you're going the 270 route, you can do 376 and 270 first, since you're a sophomore.
However, if you want a challenge, course EECS376 is a good foundation class.
I think any student interested in web dev should glance over these courses.
Choose between computer software or hardware.
Both are outstanding classes that are sensible in workload
You could also take EECS 281 with either EECS 370 or EECS 376
Have you heard of Clayton D Scott before? He is teaching the class.
Is there any area, other than computer science, that you are interested in?
Definitely, which one of the four are you thinking about not taking?
The class is considered small as there are only about 50 students.
I don't know , but I believe he's great.
EECS 203 would be the next step.
Have a good day!
Does EECS 545 Machine Learning seem interesting?
This class is huge.
Now you have to address the core requirements: EECS 281, EECS 370, and EECS 376.
Hongkak Lee, the professor
Maybe you should try that.
Hello!
For sure. You should start taking CS courses right now.
I notice that you are a sophomore.
many students can handle 2 upper level
EECS203 and 280 are classes I would recommend you take.
You meet the requirements for both of the classes
Before now, did you ever learn about machine learning?
What can I help you with?
You can take EECS 370 or EECS 281;
I think there is one course in Discrete Math would be great for you.
Do you have any specific fields of interest in technology?
You took a number of CEE classes.
After taking those you will need EECS 370, 281 and 376.
But it depends you know.
Yes I can. To help finish up your requirements you should probably take EECS370.
280 is based on projects, while 203 is not.  Don't let that fool you.  Several students have admitted that 203 is harder than 280
EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281 are excellent courses for hitting the cs major requirements.
You can take EECS477: Intro to Algorithms
a good day may you have.
EECS 484, EECS 485, and EECS 481 are a few of the courses you might like.
Youre welcome
Do you want to take another class?
Is there something related to hardware you like?
Okay, My suggestion will be to take EECS 381 if you really liked 281 and are looking for a challenge.
EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization, EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms, and EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science are the courses you need to take.
you will do well since you already take many math class
You'll do fine in this class, as you've already taken Math 214 and 216.
Do you think you would like computer science or electrical engineering best?
I'm so glad you asked! EECS 481 stands for Software Engineering while EECS 477 stands for Algorithms.
Any other questions?
If you are interested in computer hardware, I would suggest taking EECS 470, EECS 478, or EECS 373
EECS 482 is Introduction to Operating Systems
I might want to look into EECS 280 based on that .
A course that counts towards your graduation requirement is a major design course.
You will notice that the information will be on Wolverine access while you are registering.
EECS 496 is the ethics class you speak of
Order to complete your degree requirements
Glad to hear that! So is there any course in hardware area that you've taken?
Glad I could help
What are your thoughts on EECS 481 or EECS 477?
You probably wouldn't want EECS 484 it's from 9 am to 10:30 am every Monday and Wednesday.
It is Database Management Systems.
Best wishes!
Does class size usually matter to you?

C. options-for-correct-answers
280 is based on projects, while 203 is not.  Don't let that fool you.  Several students have admitted that 203 is harder than 280

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 99:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-next:
It has been a pleasure!
EECS 481 covers dealing with structuring principles, pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, design methodologies and informal analysis.
Honestly what you should do is get 281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) and 376 (Foundations of Computer Science) requirements out of the way.
The decision that has to be made here depends on how curious you are on AI and Mathematics
Given your experience, EECS 280 might be a good course.
EECS 484 is taught by Professor Cafarella next semester.
Do you find Cryptography interesting?
What is your favorite part of EECS?
EECS 496 and TCHNCLCM 497 are both required to fulfill your Major Design Experience.
It appears that you have finished EECS281 which means you are eligible for most upper-level CS classes. I suggest EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence,  or  EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
Hey now, how are you doing today?
One good course for you to take this semester would be the introduction to the mathematical foundation of computer science.
In terms of workload level, EECS 376 is on lighter side, EECS 281 is at moderate level, and EECS 370 would be the heaviest. But, none of them are too extreme in terms of workload.
Based on that, you might want to look into EECS 280.
you are welcome
Were EECS 270 and EECS 370 enjoyable classes?
It is a heavy workload class, and it studies algorithm and data structures
For the ULCS Data Science,it counts
If you want to take the two courses together, you should take only one more course next semester.
Are there any specific courses you prefer?
Can you tell me what your preferences are?
But you could take 376 next semester, which is another required course that shouldn't be too difficult to take together with 478
What are your interests?
Great! Are you interested in exploring elementary CS courses or in advanced course?
What subjects are you most interested in?
What are you majoring in?
Affirmative! What is it you are looking for?
before any upper level courses you have to finish the prerequisite
Is mobile app development interesting to you?
You've fallen behind schedule. You have to do EECS 370 and 376 as soon as you can, since they are required for many higher EECS courses.
Introduction to Cryptography is harder than Introduction to Computer Organization.
EECS 280 is much bigger (~167 each year), while 203 is smaller (~55), and EECS 183 is in between (~124).
EECS484 and EECS 485 are recommended by myself.
You have already taken EECS280 and EECS370, so you are qualified to take both EECS281 and EECS370.
Most definitely, let me check for a min.
Taking all three at the same time would be a tough workload.
The lectures and classes take place on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
my pleasure.
EECS 281,370,376 are all core cs classes you should take
You have plenty to choose from!
Is there anything I can help you with?
you feel successful in 3 computer science classes?
Since you're majoring in CS, I think you should take EECS 376 next semester to get that requirement out of the way.
Hello Mara! How are you today?
Hello there! How are you?
I am having a hard time assigning a difficulty rating for this, however, you will have 4 credit hours and a lab for this course.
Hi Mara! How are you today?
Today, I am very glad to be able to help you.
But it definitely teaches you a lot of things.
With all the classes you have taken, I think you have met the requirements.
Is that okay?
You must take MATH116 before taken the advanced EECS203 course.
Hello Tanvir. How are you?
I would love to help.
Sure thing! May I help with anything additional now?
Is that a class you'd like to take?
generally students say 441 is not a very intense class. Otherwise, I would suggest a non-cs class. you may want to fulfill some humanities/ss reqs
Whats new?
Everything is good.  We will meet again soon.
no problem! have a great day
Class Overview of EECS 470 is an introductory graduate-level course in computer architecture. This course is intended to do two things: to give you a solid, detailed understanding of how computers are designed and implemented, including the central processor and memory and I/O interfaces; and to make you aware of the numerous tradeoffs in design and implementation, their interaction, their realization in both historical and state-of-the-art systems, and trends that will affect them in future systems.
No...now it's AI.
Hello student
You only need to take a Capstone class since you're completed the four required ULCS courses for your major.
You'll need all three of these classes to graduate.
You'll be able to take advanced classes next semester, if you take this class.
I would recommend EECS 481 it is pretty work intensive since it is a programming class.
Is that all?
The course load will be slightly heavy with 545 and 485.
ok!  Are you looking at computer science as a major?
Advanced computer and network security is the subject of EECS588.
Give me a minute to think
Yes. How may I help you today?
That is great
yeah, he's somewhat good.
EECS484 is not a hard course for the majority of students.
You can't take classes on these topics because you haven't progressed very far on those topics.
You might want to take 478 then, since it has a more level of moderate difficulty.
You are running behind. You should take EECS376 and 370 as soon as you can because they are the pre-req for the upper level EECS courses.
It looks like you haven't taken EECS 281 yet. It might be a good idea to take this since its a gateway to a lot of the upper level CS classes
3 upper level cs classes are needed
The professor gives lectures at 10 a.m. every Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
I recommend removing one from them.
EECS 203 is a class you could take.
If a difficulty rating of 2 is acceptable, EECS 478 is an option.
moving to ricks 2017
OK, same to you!
Sure. You should probably add EECS370 to your requirements.
All is well, which begs the question of why you are here.
How are you doing today?
Extremely Great ! Then EECS 485 might be just the thing that you're focusing for
In that case I suggest taking EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts.
How can I help you out today?
It's Professor Strauss, who is average helpful.
Your interests are in what topic?
Because you have taken MTH 105 and 115 you should be ready for EECS 203
yeah, totally.
Greetings! How can I be of assistance today?
Next semester, are there any particular types of courses that you would like to take?
It is a beginner's course on cryptography.

C. options-for-correct-answers
Can you tell me what your preferences are?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 100:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-next:
I do have a copy of your transcript.
While there is a difference between math 214 and 217, they are both linear algebra. Math 217 is applied linear algebra and considered to be the harder of the two courses.
Which sub-discipline of computer science do you wish to study?
Take EECS484, that's my recommendation.
I noticed you took eecs 280.  I recommend 203 as it is a requirement before you can take 281.
There will be fewer demands as this class is a continuation of your previous coursework.
What do you like the most about EECS?
For next semester, I strongly suggest that you take the EECS course instead of the Math course.
I think 485 is a good choice.
Did you know how to do programming prior?
The course is worth 4 credits.
EECS 370 is about computer organization and is a prerequisite for many courses that expand on this topic like EECS 482 which is fairly popular.
Both 376 and 492 are not as programming based as many other EECS classes so project deadlines should not be an issue
Are you interested in systems, hardware, theory, or software engineering?
Enjoy your day.
Does AI, machine learning, website development, or other areas of software development interest you?
Depending on what you would like to study, I would recommend as there are many available.
Given your preferences, I would suggest EECS 481 for Software Development.
Both 376 and 492 have reasonably average difficulty levels, so you would be fine taking both.
are you looking for suggestions on classes?
Cool, I see you've already completed 485. I think 484 is a good class that is largely focused on databases, which is key for backend.
If you are also taking other EECS courses, taking EECS 492 the same semester would be challenging.
That's great! Have a lovely day today!
In order to graduate cse you'll need to take statistics.
What is the maximum workload you can handle?
Do you want to take eecs classes next semester?
Looking at your experiences, I'd go for Operating Systems, and Database management.
EECS281 appears to be the most difficult class next semester if you take all the recommended classes. From what I see here, it's as hard as EECS 280.
For you, options are plentiful!
Hi, what can I do for you?
No issues! you come back any time
Yes! Your file says that you have quite some experience in hardware type classes.
The class is pretty hard.
Or correction, I mistyped. It's 183 which is taught by Professor Dorf and is a close runner up.
You can manage since you've already taken a few somewhat moderate classes.
I would recommend that you take either EECS 484 - Database Management Systems - or EECS 485 - Web Database and Information Systems.
I would like to suggest that you take EECS 482 since you said that you like EECS 370.
Was there anything else that you needed my assistance with today?
Is there an EECS course you want to take next semester?
Seeing as you are just a freshman and also new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
Additional upper-level eecs courses
EECS 370 needed more work than EECS 376, since it is less of a workload than EECS 281.
Hi! What other help do you need today?
if your int. in web development, def. take these courses.
Following your completion of EECS281, I
Let me think about this.
Electronic Commerce covers a several important topics related to computer science, economics, and other disciplines. We analyze how these topics influence the design and analysis of commerce online.
Because course 281 has homework each week, several small projects and a large group project, many students reflected that the work load was heavy.
How many preferences should you tell me?
Elementary Programming Concepts it is.
The next course in the sequence is EECS281, since you've already taken EECS280.
I believe with your resume, EECS 494 Game Design and Development would be the best course for you to take.
Although this class is harder, since you are only a junior and have finished all your requirement you can take it with a lighter course load
There is another upper level algorithm course called Design and Analysis of Algorithm.
EECS376 is a requirement for graduation and one more upper level EECS class, so I would suggest you start with hat.
There's a course open that seems to be of interest to you.
Hi Mingyang! How can I help you?
Yes, the course EECS280 is a big class and it is helpful if you want to find a job after you graduate.
Alright, see ya.
Hi Jamie! What can I help you with?
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.
Concepts such as tree searches and fundamental data structures are involved, and would build on to your knowledge.
You should take EECS 470 because it will help you after graduation especially with your background in hardware and physics.
Would you like to take a class with a large class size?
It is also a major design course, that counts towards your graduation requirement.
About 120 students.
What areas of computer science interest you most?
I would recommend taking eecs 203 next semester
Do you enjoy EECS 370?
Hi there, can I be of any assistance?
What time of the day do you prefer?
I see you do not take ML course.
Would you rather learn to beef up your coding skill or instead that of machine learning?
Actually, it is not big, the class has only 41 students in it.
What area have you found yourself most interested in?
It might be updated later.
Scientist Reetuparna Das
Are you interested in programming?
Enjoy yourself from dawn to dusk.
Judging from the courses you've already taken, I think you need a math class instead of more philosophy courses.
What pieces of info do I need to provide?
Next semester both EECS 492 and 442 are being offered, which are in the intelligent systems area.
It is required that you have EECS203 for a majority of CS courses.
Yes, I'm still with you. I recommend taking EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems.
So because you have already taken a lot of software-oriented classes, I think you would not find this class code-heavy.
Accomplishing success is achievable.
Oh ok, See ya later!
Awesome! How is your day?
What courses do you wanna take this semester?
A good course would be EECS183 which is Elementary Programming Concepts.
Does class size usually matter to you?
My suggestion would be database management systems.
It is extreme.
I saw EECS 280 was taken by you.
We also have an AI class, EECS 492 uf your interested.
Any questions from you
Possible EECS492.
I suggest you take EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
Hi world!
By how much

C. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.

-----------------------------------------------------------
