dialog 60:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me look at your transcript real quick.

C. options-for-next:
Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization is going to be 478.
You need these classes for your graduation
What's more, this course is not too difficult.
Many do these simultaneously.
Would you like to try out programming?
The courses up next are normally EECS 281, EECS 370, and/or EECS 376
Just like EECS445, EECS477 and EECS492
My recommendations are EECS 281, 370 and 376
What sort of help do you need?
You should feel right at home with a class size of 26.6, if you want a small class size.
I suggest EECS 376, 370, and 281.
Are you interested in courses in the afternoon?
Class will be held on the afternoon of Wednesday.
I think EECS 373 might not be appropriate.
do you enjoy circuits
Hi World!
I see that you've taken EECS281. What types of CompSci are you interested in?
Looking at your course history I think you would be best to enroll in EECS478 or EECS475.
You should be able to manage these courses, considering your background.
EECS 481 gets my recommendation
Ok, you've been added to the class
People who are good at computer science would be advised to take EECS 482.
Welcome!
EECS370 is one of the required courses to obtain a degree in computer science.
Computer science does sound great
I'm happy to hear that I helped you.
The feedback says it is quite helpful.
Hello! Can I help you with something?
Hello student
There are a few more required courses you'll need to take to move forward with the CS major. EECS 280, 203, and 183 will be offered next semester.
EECS 485 is a great class for learning web dev. It goes over a lot of the basics and you make web apps with flask.
I would suggest talking to the general engineering advisor to learn about other courses that you can take so that you can stay a full time student.
see you later
Good, how can I help you?
I don't know whether they are morning class or not.
You should check out the online course workload survey if you are interested in harder courses.
Do you feel good about your 3 computer science classes?
I recommend you take EECS203 Discrete Math.
Is your preference for difficult classes?
The Professor is Hongkak Lee
are there certain areas you can think of
You will find this useful for your degree.
It goes over fundamental concepts like algorithm, data structures etc using high-level programming language (python)
He's very nice
For next semester, did you want to take your MDE?
Do you need help with anything else?
Sounds great!
What else would you like to see?
Alright, are you looking for foundational or advanced courses?
I can with anything that you need.
It's important that you are aware you'll need both EECS183 and EECS203 for the CS program.
Since you've taken engr101, would you like to take more computer science classes?
If you want to take 549, I suggest you to drop someting else
For opening up other classes, it is a good idea to complete it
If you have prior experience with Calculus then I recommend taking EECS203.
This is an Interactive Computer Graphics Course.
Next semester are you interested in taking EECS classes
It's not a problem, I think.
What help can be done by me for you today?
Are you thinking of majoring in EECS?
What's the name of the processor architectures course?
We have both object orient programming, and application classes (game and app development) available. Which do you like more?
I suggest EECS183 and EECS280 this semester.
The subject of the course is structures and algorithms.
Taking EECS280 is my suggestion to you.
This class is a 4 credit class
I suggest that you signup for EECS280 to advance your base coding knowledge
Hi!
You satisfy all requirements!
great! good luck!
Chesney, David R.
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Of the two, is EECS 373 the smaller?
Are you in need of my help for anything else?
You may not take other "next-level" EECS courses without taking 281/370. However, EECS 270 is available, and I would suggest taking Math 215.
On your course, how many credits do you want to select?
There's an EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms course that has sections on Tuesday/Thursday if that sounds interesting.
Would you like an easier or harder class?
How heavy or light do you expect your course load to be?
we are welcome
Classes and discussions are on Tuesday and Thursday
Would EECS485 work?
494 and 376 requires around 12 hours per week and 5 hours per week respectively.
for some application classes like game and app development and object oriented programming.which do you prefer?
EECS 281 is a challenging class, but not overwhelmingly so. It is a 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey.
I also suggest taking EECS 481. It is very helpful for EECS students. It's software engineering. It's very clear and is offered in the afternoon. It would count as a technical elective toward graduation.
You need two more ULCS credits to graduate (for a total of 8), but do you want to do more than two more EECS classes?
EECS 280 is much larger (around 167 every year), 203 is much smaller - around 55, and EECS 183 is about 124
You can do it if you have a good calculus background.
Glad I could be of service!
Sounds good. Bye!
Based on your interests, I'd recommend taking EECS 281 and EECS 370.
This is organization created by a computer.
Based on your background EECS376 would work good for you
Let me look at your transcript real quick.
Hi student
Hello, Chong! How can I help you!
The other engineering courses are in your schedule
Most people take 203 and 280 together, or they take 203 before 280. It won't be a problem to take it after 280 though.
Is there anything related to hardware you like?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 61:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately both 280 and 281 can't be taken by you in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
Greetings there!
The class is taught from 1:30 to 3:00 PM on Monday and Wednesday.
Your schedule shouldn't be too bad with three classes left
Greetings.
Would a large class size deter your interest in the course?
My pleasure
Many students go for two classes in the same semester
I was wondering what you major was.
classes are several in the morning
You can learn about many web topics in this course, taught by Professor Cafarella.
Oh yeah. Take it then if you are interested. Let me see anything else I can find......
One of the most difficult classes in CS is EECS 281 but it's a prereq to almost all upper level classes in CS.
Hi, How can I help you?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately both 280 and 281 can't be taken by you in the same semester.
Are you thinking about taking any upper level CS classes?
Normally 50 is the course size.
Nice. I think you should start with some base classes.
Looking at your transcript, you need EECS 484 in order to graduate.
I think you should take a lower level humanities or social science.
You should think about EECS 376, it is a requirement that you will need for other classes in Intelligent Systems.
This 4 credit course is very useful.
Thank you, you too!
Because or your captivation with operating systems I think you'll like EECS 482
Hello! How can I be of help today?
Interested topics are what
You only need 1 more upper level and your MDE, as far as CS requirements.
A breadth course is either a humanities course or other general credits that will not give you BS credits.
Are all your questions answered?
Basic algorithms and data structures is what this is about.
Hi there! Can I help you with anything today?
Bye for now.
The easiness rating for this course is 3.08.
Would you be interested in some game design courses?
Of the ULCS EECS485 satisfies 4 credits.
I intend to look over your transcript.
Minoring in EECS is possible and I'd say to sign up for EECS 281 next semester.
The name is Web Database and Information Systems.
You should know that although you are looking for a class average of 100 students, EECS 281 has an average class size of about 80 students.
"Discrete Math" is what it's called.
This class will give you an introduction to data structures and algorithms.
Hi, what do you need assistance with today?
It's clarity rating is 3.74 while easiness one is 3.05
Both 376 (Foundations of Computer Science) and 281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) are important for a CS degree.
Do you like big or small classes?
Welcome!
Do you need any other help?
How can I help you today?
I believe it is not very bad.
Many answers can be found in 370.
Anything in addition?
I would suggest you take them together.
Not particularly.
And were they enjoyable?
Will this be the year that you graduate?
It begins at 10AM and goes for an hour and a half.
Stop, I got something wrong.
I want you to take EECS 281.
If you feel good when taking EECS 100, You'll probably like EECS 183
And you're a sophomore, correct?
Both  281 and 370 is fairly high to  take together.
EECS is an intro level  course on algorithm analysis plus O-notation and various sub categories, with multiple programming assignments
Considering the previous courses you have taken, I suggest you take EECS484.
Is that all for now?
Not a problem! Good luck to you!
Are there any other fields, like web design, algorithm, or natural language processing, that you are particularly interested in?
I think it's better to take EECS203 and EECS280 in a semester and take EECS376 after.
EECS 381 (Object Oriented and Advanced Programming) is easy, while EECS 494 (Computer Game Design and Development) is moderately hard. But both classes have an extremely large work load.
What is your specification on the area of machine learning, website development?
You should  take a math class you think is interesting.
EECS376 will be important for your current major.
My mistake it's 183 with Professor Dorf.
They require that you do lots of programming but still, they are not what I would call extremely heavy.
In 370, did you find the hardware coverage enjoyable?
EECS183, Elementary Programming Concepts, is what I would suggest.
This class seems easier based off your past courses.
which one do you prefer more? imagine processing or machine learning?
Hello, I'm your advisor.  Do you need assistance?
If you liked the computer system architecture classes, you would probably like EECS 282 and EECS 570.
Do you enjoy system, web or software development more?
How can I help you?
I would look at the LSA course guide to find out the class times.
OK. Bye-bye!
Is there something with which I can currently help you?
What area interests you the most?
Not an issue. Do you have any thoughts on what classes you're going to take?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
I would suggest taking just two of the three classes, particularly 281 and 370, and then take 376 with an upper level CS course after that.
Other prerecs you need are 281 and 376
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem. Any more questions?
You should take software engineering (EECS 481).
That is correct, but the course is much more difficult.
Is it usual to to take the class EECS281 after I complete EECS 280?
Okay, sounds good!
Hi, I'm glad that you are interested in database
Absolutely, it was nothing!
Are you interested in infrastructure, such as system software?
For our course list would you prefer computer science?
You're welcome.
Is Engineering 101 pleasant to you?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 62:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.

C. options-for-next:
I wish you luck in the coming semester!
You're welcome!
You are right.
Terrific, It seems like it is just right for you!
You should take STATS250 or MATH214 in the meantime
EECS 376 will not be difficult because you did not find EECS 203 difficult.
Let's see what we have here...
Right now I don't know because the course still hasn't been scheduled.
Yes. Of course! Based on your interests I would recommend EECS 481 Software Development.
EECS 373 and EECS 470 are from 10:30 am to 12:00 pm which is pretty late, but EECS 373, EECS 470 and EECS 485 are in the morning.
Smaller classes have a better level of student learning and interaction with the teacher.
EECS 280 is a lot like ENGR 101 and shares concepts and expands on them. It's a very clear and helpful class, according to the ratings.
Hi, it is good meeting with you.
EECS 481 is about pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, involving structuring principles, design methodologies and informal analysis.
Great, how are you today?
If it is your wish to take two EECS classes next semester, you can take 370 with 281.
Great, it is!
EECS 280 and EECS 203 are pre-reqs for EECS 281.
Is this Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization?
Here is information for filling a petition https://www.cse.umich.edu/eecs/graduate/cse/CSE.Petition.Request.Form.pdf
You are allowed to take EECS370, EECS376, and so on.
You will be introduced to computer organization in EECS 370.
EECS370 is an introductory overview of how computers execute programs.
Definitely, yes.
Hello, I can help you how?
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.
Would you be okay with a large class?
Hi World!
It's in the afternoon.
Hello! How can I help you?
This course may be interested to you because you already took EECS 388.
Since you are a senior standing, you are eligible to register for the course.
Spacing out your work like doing your EECS 370 next semester and electives senior year could really benefit your workload.
Clayton D Scott is the teacher for that course. Have you heard about him before?
I've heard Extreme Weather is pretty cool if you want to branch out from EECS.
Go get ‘em!
EECS 281 is the only prerequisite to EECS 481.
What are you interested in since it will depend on that.
Is computer science something you are interested in?
Also 565, Linear Feedback Control Systems, might be another one you are interested in since you like math. Or 560, Linear systems theory.
Alright.  In regards to classes that are more applicable I would advise EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development.
The EECS281 course is difficult.
I would suggest 203 for you.
Many students enroll in those classes at the same time. Seeing as you took EECS 270, so EECS 370 won't be as hard.
It would be important to take EECS 281 if you want to take more advanced EECS courses
I don't believe that it is wisest to just choose the easiest course available
Personally, I suggest taking only these two courses with a light load.
The class is kindof hard.
Hey, is there anything I can do to help?
These two classes can administer valuable information on the basics of computer science
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
I dont think you should take either one. Neither EECS 482 nor EECS 381 are courses you are required to take.
I recommend taking EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
Taking the EECS 203 would be required.
Based on your course history, I suggest you take EECS478 or EECS475
I really think EECS 183. would benefit you
Great, good luck with your future!
You are welcome.
Yes, you will be required to complete a lot of work in this course.
Hello
Our school has an excellent security class called EECS 388 intro to security
If computer hardware interests you, I would recommend taking EECS470.
You have to take EECS 280 to take many computer engineering courses.
I believe that you should take EECS 281.
Yes, you got it, 280 is the pre req
Do you like computer science courses over others based on the previous courses you took?
Because it doesn't have EECS 281 as its prerequisite.
Yeah! What information shall I share with you?
In order to graduate you need to take 376
Do you have an interest in low or high level programming?
EECS 485 would be a good idea for you to take.
Are you planning to major in EECS?
You should take EECS 218 based on your background and interest.
Hi. I'm here to help you in any way I can.
OK, it seems like you took some basic computer science courses, is that right?
That is fine. Feel free to consult me with any questions you may have. Best regards.
Allow me to check.
For interviews, the core class is usually 281.
Hi Brady.
According to my information, you still need to take EECS203
Up to this point what coursed did you like?
Hello!
I don't know the class times.
What can I do for you this morning?
Bye bye, thanks.
Unfortunately I am only capable of offering guidance about classes in EECS
You can build your own app from scratch using the team project 441.
Absolutely! Upper level CS courses are split into 6 categories: Computer Hardware, Computer Architecture, Intelligent Systems, Software development, Theory of computation, and Web technology and applications. Which of these topics are you most interested in?
How have you liked EECS classes?  Good, bad, or neither?
Since they are more hands on, I would recommend smaller classrooms.
Class size for EECS 481 is 63.71.
In addition to EECS 203, you can enroll in EECS 183 too.
Yes, how can I help you?
You have any other questions?
It shouldn't be a problem.
You have also finished  tech comm 300.......TCHNCLCM 497 is a continuation to that.
an easy class is introduction to cryptography
Do you usually care about size?
Are there any other things that I can assist you with?
Are you having a good day?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 63:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.

C. options-for-next:
You can take eecs 203 this summer
Thanks for contacting me, bye!
If you are ok with a difficult class I would suggest 373.
484 will teach you more about databases, so it looks you are more interested in that.
Okay, which is important to you? Time, caliber, professor?
What kind of CS classes do you want?
There is one class in that field: EECS 485: Web Database and Systems
It appears you still have not taken EECS 203.
Finding a math class that is interesting is important for you.
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.
EECS 441 has a class size of 50 students, and EECS 571 is around 10 students.
Because of your background, you can take a math course
But if you really wanted, you could have another course like EECS 493.
it's okay, have a nice day
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
Hi there!
Computer Science is really difficult, but it will be worth it! You brought up money previously, well research has shown that Computer Science majors make a starting salary of over $100,000 per year. If you are becoming too overwhelmed, there are plenty of people that you can contact to discuss time management skills and learning how to deal with stress.
Hello, how are you doing?
Do you have any interest for this course?
How mayI help you?
Yes, 3-5pm, correct.
Also, 586 is an Algorithms course
To get the credit, I'm pretty sure you'll have to take up to 4 of those upper level classes
You'll need to sign up for EECS 203 Discrete Math, which is a pre major course.
There is one class with that focus, EECS 485, Web Database and Systems.
EECS484 is considered to be relatively easy as well.
Is that ok?
What topics interests you?
Great! Is there any topic in computer science you are most interested in?
Foundations of Computer Science is course EECS376.
You can directly take 203 and 280.
there are two core classes you can take next semester: EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms, and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization, though I don't have information on the course start and end time yet
The size of the EECS281 class numbers 81.
Good bye Varsha!
Have a nice day.
You can absolutly look at EECS 280.
My apologies.
One moment, please let me check for you.
376 is taken after 370 by most students.
EECS183 has an average class size of about 125 people and  EECS 280 has a higher average of about 175
At 10 am the lectures are scheduled for Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Do you think another relatively difficult class next semester is something you could endure?
I'll have to get back to you, I don't know about the flextech requirement
I see you have taken EECS281 and EECS370.
Offering in the morning, I am not sure of that.
Your semester looks too taxing.I think you will be better off taking a level cs class with a lighter load .
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.
You will probably have difficulty in EECS 376 if you had a hard time in EECS 203 and you don't enjoy math. EECS 370 is rather easy and 484 is doable too.
Does this attract you?
Yes, can you specify what question you have?
It is also a capstone.
Yeah, you do have it, the prereq is 280
I would say that EECS281 is difficult as EECS280 and EECS203. Also EECS370 is equally as hard as EECS370.
Does that course sound interesting to you?
I would recommend talking to the general engineering advisor to learn about other courses that you can take so that you can stay a full time student.
Glad to be of service.
Do you like a particular area of computer science?
482 is very heavy workload, i would take an easy class with it
In a semester, how many programming courses would you be willing to take?
373 is taught by a student favorite, Mark Brehob.
From my experience if you will take EECS 281, you might as well get the 4 credits from taking EECS 370.
It is not a problem.
What brings you into my office today?
Looking at your workload I would say yes you could take those three classes.
It's alright, I hope all your questions are answered.
Have you taken any computer science class before?
you do know it's in the morning?
Since you have taken Introduction to Data Structures I think you should be taking EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms next semester.
When speaking about Software Development, EECS381
Do you need assistance on anything else today?
You have to take EECS281 if you want to take software development classes.
How are you?
EECS is my specialty, so I can only offer you guidance for that.
No problem! Can I answer any other questions?
I wouldn't pick either, they are not needed.
For security, EECS 388: Intro to Computer Security is a 4 credit course about computer security. EECS 482: Operating Systems is a 4 credit course that will give you a solid understanding of basic operating systems. EECS 492: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is a 4 credit course on AI.
Another great course is EECS, which is reviewed at 4.13, and there is always EECS 183 reviewed as 3.63.
It is neither light nor heavy.
But, I suggest avoiding taking 482 with those other two since 482 is a class with an very heavy workload.
I can see why you're strong in C++.
Yes, how can I help you?
Wonderful! EECS 485 is a fine class to take. You should consider taking that the semester after you take EECS 281.
Four upper level cs and one capstone are the requirements for graduation.
This could be a heavy work load if you take them together so maybe you could take other easy courses instead.
Since you already have 8 credits, If taking 484 all you need to do is take one more
Does computer science interests you?
A teacher next semester will be Igor L Markov
How difficult of a course are you looking for?
Do you have interest in any other subjects?
170 students on average.
Gratitudes! See you later!
Sorry you feel that way
The class covers a lot of topics, but the material is not that hard because it is an introductory class.
My pleasure, is there something specific I can help you with today?
EECS 281 and 370 are both serious programming projects.
How do you feel about computer science?
With your background, I think you would like EECS281, data structure, and algorithms.
Were you impressed?
It will be Georg Essl as the instructor instead.
Which EECS classes did you like the most?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 64:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Can you inform me of your preferences?

C. options-for-next:
I suggest you to take eecs203 and eecs280
What are you technology prefereces?
Michael John Cafarella is the teacher of the class.
the helpfullness rate is 4.13/5
I am sure that I can help you with that!
That course's time is 16:30 - 18:00 on all Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Happy I was able to help you. See ya.
That's great.
Programming classes that I know of are only "lighter workload". There are some easier EECS classes  but they have more homework instead of being project based. Are you interested in them?
This could turn out to be a challenging semester, however think it through
Past students have said it is more difficult and has a higher workload.
I don't think it is wisest to choose the easiest course available
What would you like to know about CS?
so if you want a easier one I would suggest choosing only one of them
That is the basic Cryptology course.
What topics interest you?
I would recommend 545 as good for you based upon your expressed proclivities.
Same to you! Bye.
Glad to help
In my opinion, I would suggest to you take EECS 470.
You've already completed EECS 370, 281, and 376
Signing up for EECS370 with EECS281 is a good choice.
You would have an extremely heavy workload if you took all three classes simultaneously.
Can you inform me of your preferences?
Anyways, if you were to only pick one, EECS 281 will open up more higher level CS courses to you, so I would prioritize signing up for it.
EECS 381 scored highly in clarity and helpfulness ratings.
It worths four credits.
You are very welcome! Goodbye.
Generally, 370 is more helpful.
I recommend taking EECS 183 for students in your situation.
The classwork is not overloaded and there are about  100 students in the class
Thank you and youre welcome!
If security is of interest to you, that might also be a good match for you, since you're in 388.
Nice afternoon!
For next semester, you are required by the CS policy to take EECS203 and EECS183.
Is Introduction to Algorithms EECS477 recommended?
Yes, you may take EECS 482 next semester.
Go ahead and try the EECS 478 hardware.
Labs are not with either option.
It focuses on the design of algorithms of some numeric problems.
what can I help you with>
EECS 481 is related to MDE
The best choice for you is EECS470.
Introduction to Computer Organization is taught in EECS 370.
It is only moderate with a rating of 2.8 out of 5 so with this being your only engineering class you will be fine
Do you want classes before noon or after?
If you have prior experience with Calculus then I recommend taking EECS203.
thanks for chatting with me, have a good Monday
For EECS majors, both of those classes are required.
To declare a major in eecs you have to finish both of those classes as they are requirements.
However, students with previous knowledge of machines will find it easier to complete this course successfully.
Although, If you are going to take Machine Learning, I would suggest taking Intro to Artificial Intelligence
It's a difficult course.
If you haven't already, I recommend the very useful class of EECS 482.
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript
10,11,12,13 credits are some options included with this course.
In that case I would suggest both EECS 481 Software Engineering and EECS 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
what are the math requirements?
Advanced designs for circuits of logic is the focus
Definitely, give me a second to check.
Pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, dealing with structuring principles, design methodologies and informal analysis.
I don't know how to answer that, unfortunately.
Taking all three classes at once would be a lot of work.
There are many options available there.
The concepts of the course are, fundamental data structures, tree searches, etc. These concepts further develop your understanding of the subject.
I would like you to pick software engineering (EECS 481)
Would you prefer something that is hardware related?
Did you enjoy the undergraduate research you undertook? If so, you might enjoy taking research courses.
You're interested in what topics?
Hi there. How can I help you?
Is there somehow I can assist you today?
alright I  would advise taking eecs381 if you were fond of 281 and want something that might challenge you.
Why does 281 seem unappealing to you?
One course teaching information systems and web development is EECS 485.
I am sorry, I cannot suggest any other classes right now
That will be a lot of weight.
If you want to graduate this semester you will need four upper level computer science classes
How would you feel about game design classes?
Thank you for the chat this Monday, have a good day!
Tell me what you are interested in.
If you enroll in 280 prior to 203 it may be more difficult because 203 provides information that will help you better understand the material in 280.
do you like circuits
You be needing a C or better to clear the class.
You don't have to take the latter course as a sophomore since it is slightly more challenging.
Was EECS 270 enjoyable?
I saw you is that correct are an IOE major
We have had good ratings for the class in the past.
Based on your prior courses, I recommend taking EECS 280 or EECS 183.
The course load will be slightly heavy with 545 and 485.
Both of those courses are more difficult though.
I highly recommend EECS 376, 370, and 281
Right is what you are.
Do you need any more CS upper level credits?
You are most welcome!
The best one for you is 203.
What size of class do you prefer?
This class is generally considered moderate in difficulty
I've heard it is interesting.
Are you interested in other classes?
A lot of the students here choose to take 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370..

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 65:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.

C. options-for-next:
You're most welcome.
You're welcome, bye!
Programming and Introductory Data Structures is EECS280.
No worries, enjoy your day.
Have a wonderful final semester.
Hello, What help can i provide?
Would you be interested in analyzing data?
That is very helpful I think
Definitely! Which major have you considered?
What can I do to help you today?
Difficult, this is not.
Well, normally based on your major and minor, I would suggest EECS 281 next, but since you want your schedule to be easy, I would suggest waiting on that one until next semester.
software eng
Martha E Pollack is a little harder on studemts in eecs203.
Would you rather take classes in the morning or in the afternoon?
You should take EECS545. However, this class is in the morning
Are you more interested in hardware or software?
Taking the classes with  Chinese and Chemistry classes  might be a difficult load.  I would go over the syllabus or professors of the classes for specfics on workload
Sounds good do you need any more help?
Have a wonderful time in 373!
Greetings! Are you okay?
One way to reduce your workload would be to only take EECS 370 next semester and save your electives for senior year.
Maching Learning is the name of the class.
Do you want to complete courses just for fun or is there any requirement?
It seems that you haven't yet taken EECS 203.
If you don't have alot of time, but you do have good proof skills, 376 is the way to go.
It will take me a second to consider your options but thank you for your input.
Hi what can I help you with?
What do you think about EECS 183?
I think you have made the right choice, but you need to remember to fulfill other requirements for your degree.
I think it's better to take EECS203 and EECS280 in a semester and take EECS376 after.
Natural language processing is the same as machine learning.
This will complete your graduate requirements.
If you're not good at math, I would suggest you start with one, try eecs 203
These courses normally have class sizes ranging from 80 to 100.
Are you a Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, or Senior?
Greetings Varsha!
It is a requirement to take EECS 203 before EECS 281.
Great. I suggest taking EECS484.
I found that the EECS 183 was very challenging
your options are good ones
Do you have any other questions?
Intro to Computer Organization is the course title for EECS 370 and the class itself teaches students how low-level language and computer hardware interact
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.
Most people usually complete it with 370.
You should take 281 next semester.
You need to take EECS 203 and EECS 280.
You've already completed EECS 370, 281, and 376
I see that you completed the pre-requisites, so you can accept the class.
i'm happy to help.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
I assume you have some experience on data systems since you have taken database course 484.
Given your completion of a few math and physics classes
Sure, what kind of courses are you interested in taking?
I recommend taking EECS 492 since you have seen westworld, it will teach you about AI.
Which one do you want to know more, microprocessor, computer architecture, and logic circuit synthesis?
It introduces the foundations of computer science.
EECS 485 helps you know how the web functions and 484 teaches you about databases and memory. They're useful taken in tandem, but deadlines can overlap so its not good for procrastinators. The info from these classes is useful down the road.
Any concerns or questions about the course?
No I'm an engineering advisor
No, it is tough because it is similar to EECS 370.
The Easiness Rating is 3.08 for EECS 492 (Introduction t Artificial Intelligence), and 2 for EECS 477 (Intro to Algorithms). Thus EECS 477 is easier.
If you want to play it safe, EECS281, EECS376, and another 4 credit class might be a better option.
From 3-5pm is when it's available
Hi, what sort of help do you need from me?
Sounds awesome! It appears you took 281, 370, and 376 already so you have the pre reqs to take pretty much any class you want!
Students are working at least and addtional 10 hours on this course weekly, outside of the lecture hall.
MATH116 is a useful math course and a pre-requisite  for many other advanced courses; therefore, I guess you take MATH116.
The professor who teaches EECS484 is easy to understand.
Current enrollment is around 55 students.
It is hard to say but it could be 4 times a week
3.67 is the easiness rating of this class.
Did you like EECS 370?
Hi, how may I help?
494 probably requires around 12 hours per week and 376 would require around 5 hours per week
There are lots of paid research opportunities that I would look into going after! If you liked 370, you might really enjoy research involving artificial intelligence and machine learning. Jenna Weins would be a great person to contact.
You will find that the workload for more than 2 EECS classes per semester is too hard.
And also you, goodbye!
May I be of assistance today?
If that's what you decide, I'd suggest that you'd take something easier, like EECS477.
Since you haven't taken EECS 370, and it's required for graduation and many other ULCS classes, I suggest that you take EECS 370.
Would you rather improve your programming techniques or your mathematical foundations?
What is your interest?
It is Database Management Systems.
Do you prefer an easy class?
If your interested I can tell you about machine learning class. It is called EECS 545
Is Software Development what you mainly want to study?
I recommend you also enroll in three other classes: EECS 376, EECS 475, and EECS 370.
Which section of Engineering 100?
Glad I could help! Bye!
No prob
Did you need assistance with anything else?
The lecturer is good at explaining the concepts from my experience with him.
For example, I suggest taking EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms, EECS 370 Computer Organization, or EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, next semester
Yes, That's the reason why we're here.
I advise that you complete your core requirements as quickly as you can.
Do you want to take your MDE next semester?
Welcome today!
Greetings. What can I do for you?
Can you tell me the topics and fields of interest that you have?
According to past feedback, clarity rating is 3.77

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 66:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.

C. options-for-next:
Of course! No problem!
Yeah, it is quite possible to take some of those classes in the morning but you will now be able to take all of them first thing in the morning
No problem. I can be found here anytime.
Workload is about a 3
I would add that you should take  eecs549 since this course is centered around information retrieval.
Given your background, you may find this course difficult.
Excellent idea! I believe a popular follow-up for juniors who pass those two courses is EECS 373, which they take the next semester.
I suggest that you take EECS281 which has an Easiness Rating of 2.53.
Ok, then, are there any other questions?
Given your background, EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization is too tough for you
Is a large class fine with you?
Alright, wonderful! I am here to assist. What question can I answer for you?
You can use Algorithms Data Structures EECS281 that is the beginning class for EECS student.
Sorry, I meant EECS 376 and EECS 370.
A computer science class?
You should get your core courses down asap.
Is there another question you have?
Given how you only took ENGR101 that won't happen.
Fantastic
Goodbye!
Do you have another question?
These courses will take more time - but are both very rewarding and worth the extra effort.
Can I answer any other questions for you today?
However its in the morning.
Not an issue!
Yes, EECS280 and EECS203 can be taken together.
I prefer EECS484, which is database management systems.
Hi, how may I assist you today?
I recommend you taking EECS484, since you've already taken 281.
EECS484 and EECS492? Is that what you're saying?
Greetings, how might I help you?
I see you completed all the prerequisites for CS.
The Easiness Rating for EECS 492, Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, is 3.08, while the easiness rating for EECS 477, Intro to Algorithms, is 2. Hence EECS 477 would be easier
yes, and it has help sessions, and the class size is on average 81.4
Hi! How can I assist you today?
It's not a problem!
You're already ahead of where you ought to be schedule wise
EECS 441 has a class size of 50, and EECS 571 is about 10 students
It is of less than average difficulty
Okay! I wish you to have a nice day!
Otherwise, there are special topics which may be related to AI.
what are you majoring in?
Your final choice could be 485 if you want to go with a web technology selection or 381 if you are leaning more towards a software course.
Hi, what can I do to help you with today?
That would be great! Yes!
Yeah! What information shall I share with you?
My suggestion is for you to definitely take 281 next semester!
Do you need any other advice?
4 upper level electives are required for you.
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.
that class is an intro level class yes
In that case I would suggest both EECS 481 Software Engineering and seminar EECS 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
Do you like cryptography?
Yes, You can take it and graduate in summer also.
Hi Chong! How can I help you?
I would recommend that you take the basic course MATH116 to prepare for advanced courses in your sophomore year.
Hi, what can I help you with?
if you're majoring in computer science, it appears that you're almost done.
It is in introductory class, so it is not difficult in terms of material, but it does cover a large number of topics.
I believe you would enjoy EECS 370 based on your preferences.
Hello!
Are there lots to pick from?
Yes, that works!
So, you can do some required classes like EECS 370 and 376. You can take pretty much any upper level you wish. An upper level elective you may be interested in is EECS 485 - web development.
I would recommend finishing 281 and 370 before getting into upper levels like EECS 475
Are you interested in Machine Learning?
EECS475, Introduction to Cryptography, is from 10:30 to noon.
Are there any more questions?
you are most welcome
The difficulty of this course is only 2.23.
David R Chesney is teaching EECS 481 next semester.
It is not particularly light or heavy.
A lot of opinions you have
Not sure.
EECS 482 is a recommended class for you. Helpfulness rating 4.07, easiness rating 2.17.
Both hardware and software it elaborates.
You're welcome! Have a nice day
Let's see what we have here...
Yeah. What is your major?
I like some of the options you offer.
I'd like for you to call me Yiting.
The easiness level of the task is 2.
Does that sound like something you would enjoy?
So in terms of opening up other classes, it is a fine idea to take it
I believe with your resume, EECS 494 Game Design and Development would be the best course for you to take.
I would like to meet with you. What is a good time for you?
You are very welcome, farewell!
Hi, is there anything you need today?
Great! We have a class on artificiall intelligence. You could take EECS 492 next semester!
For Sure! Anything else?
Your going to be ok.
How can I assist you?
Are you upset?
The thing that many of the student's who take these courses do is enroll in 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370.
Not an issue. Anything else to ask?
Excellent, is there anything I can help you with?
In addition, EECS281 will complete your requirements.
Hi!
280 and 203 are the general prerequisites for CS, and it requires the most coding.
Is Data Structures and Algorithms EECS 281?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 67:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript

C. options-for-next:
Is this a thing that would be good for you?
203 is a wonderful class.
You can retake the course
Since you've completed EECS 183 and EECS 280, your next one should be EECS 281. All three are required for CS majors.
Ok, that is very good!
A good general course that many people take is Databases (484), which has applications in many areas of CS.
Also, there aren't really any other hardware courses next semester.
Are you referring to a computer science class?
If you liked that class, CS is a very popular major!
These are what I suggest you take first.
Will you take EECS376, Foundations of Computer Science?
Maybe a breadth course?
It is 4 credits total.
What exactly are you looking for?
The next logical courses to take would be EECS 280 or EECS 183.
Have a great night.
There is a hefty workload, but it won't be hard for you based on your EECS281 performance.
You can complete your graduate requirement with the help of this.
Since you took EECS592, Advanced AI would be good also.
Professors are really helpful, so I think you can pass upper level classes by going to office hours.
Yes you might make EECS 381 as stated by those classes you bring Awhile ago made.
You might need to take some fundamental econ class in advance because of your background.
Have a pleasant 24 hours.
Nice of you to stop in today. What can we help you with?
Yep sounds good. Do you have other questions?
Many students who have taken the two together say that they complement each other well.
It should be fine if you take both 376 and 492. 376 is average while 492 is slightly harder than average.
For Technical Electives, what are you interested in?
or a software-based setting?
Were you the one who made the appointment
I highly recommend Professor Lee, as his classes are good.
Anything else I can help you with?
EECS 203 and ENGR 101 has already been taken by you
The EECS course is not easy but I believe you are capable.
Can I help you with anything else?
Good morning to you.
Absolutely, what classes are you interested in
If you have an interest in algorithms, I'd recommend that class, but it would be better to take when you have more experience.
Based on your previous courses, EECS481 Software Engineering, EECS484 Database Management Systems, and EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems would be good for you, depending on what specific areas you are interested in.
Since you have very limited previous programming experience, this class would be a perfect starting point.
Microcomputing is difficult compared to programming but it'd be good if you like hardware.
Since the latter course is slightly more challenging, you do not have to take it as a sophomore.
Seeing as the two courses are only moderate on their workload you could take them together.
Is that it for you?
You would really be interested in EECS485 (Web Database and Information Systems)
It's complicated math
Hi! Yes you can take EECS 478 (Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization) which is a relatively medium course.
486 is appealing to many and does not contain difficult code.
Since it's an introductory class, I think it shouldn't be too bad.
Taking EECS370 with EECS281 is a good choice.
Given the difficulty level of EECS 281, I don't recommend taking other difficult courses alongside it.
You should be able to manage these courses, considering your background.
You have to take EECS 281 before being allowed to take most of the upper level cs courses.
EECS373 I think may also be good for you
Linear algebra will be very important for ULCS courses.
EECS484 is not nearly as hard as EECS482.
I think it's a good match for your background.
Sure, not a problem!
What about the courses Elementary Programming Concepts and Discrete Mathematics?
How much workload are you going to have ?
The workload of EECS280 and EECS281 are the same but EECS370 is more difficult.
Which of the classes have you already done?
Based off of that, Id recommend EECS 281 and EECS 376
Yes, I suggest EECS376 EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science
Please don't worry about it.
EECS280 may also be of interest to you.
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes
However, it is recommended that you take a linear algebra course such as MATH 214 or 217. It isn't required, but you should have at least some knowledge of linear algebra.
Have a lovely day!
As finite state machines are involved in this class, 370 may come handy.
Are morning or evening classes preferred by you?
Yes. I also suggest you take  eecs203 Discrete Math. It will help you with understanding upper level cs classes in the future.
So far, how's your freshman year going?
I would suggest EECS 280 and EECS 203.
Alright.   Can you tell me what topics interest you?
The class usually has about 167 people.
EECS 183 would be my recommendation.
You as well. So long!
Since you took EECS592 previously, you should enroll in Advanced AI next.
This is a difficult job with a lot of work.
The name of EECS445 is machine learning
We can probably work something out. Would you say you're more interested in the theoretical, mathematical side of things, or more into practical application?
You're so welcome
Good night!
I strongly suggest you  to take EECS376
Logic design and electronic circuits are inclined towards electronics and logic circuits, both of which you have taken.
This class is a requirement for graduation.
Do you also have an interest in software development?
Be aware, though, that EECS 281 is a difficult course. Many people who take EECS 281 don't take another EECS course because of the workload.
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript
Hi!
I regret to inform you I do not have that information.
Would you consider a minor in CS?
For graduating in 3 years major in CS
EECS183 is fun, and it will make you more interesting in become a programer
You do not, no.
EECS 482 is what I would recommend for you.
Do you have the ability to tell me what your are interested in?
It was my pleasure.
The next EECS classes you have to take are easier than EECS203!

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 68:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
Sounds great, EECS 281 fits into this and the classes are scheduled in the morning
Have a nice day, okay.
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.
Sure, have a nice day.
A heavier one is better when it's 376 because 376 is light.
Generally, about 170 students enroll in this course.
If you take EECS 280 and EECS 203 you will be on your way to graduation!
Taking EECS 280 now will allow you to take classes that you find interesting in the future
Are you keen on portable applications?
Have you ever thought about taking EECS 588? It will be more theory and paper related, but the professor is supposed to be the best in his field
Go on, okay
The other engineering courses are in your schedule
I suggest the EECS281 class it has an Easiness rating of 2.53.
When speaking about Software Development, EECS381
The courses you have chosen might be difficult due to previous work you have completed.
If you start with EECS 281 in your schedule then you can start upper level CS courses immediately.
Based on your interests, I'd suggest taking EECS470 -- computer architechture.
Confidently sure
I am wondering if the workload is too much for the semester.
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science would be a good class, I believe.
I would take it if I was you.
The only upper level CS class you've taken is EECS 272, so if you want to graduate after this semester, you need to do all three. Keep in mind that you also need to take EECS 376 to graduate. If you do them all in the same semester, there will be a lot of work and programming involved.
Since it was only rated as a 3 on a 1-5 scale, Machine Learning is pretty easy.
Taking EECS482 is a class I would recommend.
You've only done one upper level CS class, EECS 475. You'll need to do three more as well as one MDE.
Welcome.
According to helpfulness and clarity ratings, EECS 381 scored high.
I've heard Extreme Weather is pretty cool if you want to branch out from EECS.
This course should not be difficult given your previous courses.
Which kind of courses do you prefer?
Since you have an interest in math you may consider either 565 or 560.
Well really you're ahead of the game in terms of scheduling.
Do you have anything else to ask?
You'll have to finish around 54 more credits or so before you're eligible for graduation
Unfortunately, I am not able to make that decision
The EECS 281 is a challenging class, that is relevant to your interests.
I recommend taking EECS 281 and EECS 370.
You can do EECS 493.
Enjoy yourself from dawn to dusk.
The goal of the class is to teach students the basic components of the software life-cycle
Are there any other topics that interest you?
Does that sound interesting?
Hi, any questions?
You too. See you.
OK great! I suggest you take EECS 281, and either EECS 370 or EECS 376 next semester
Does this grasp your interest?
Would you like to keep going on the track?
I think you should take Machine Learning, if you are interested.
Yi, what do you need?
Does computer science and programming interest you?
It covers elementary concepts such as algorithm, data structures and so forth using high-level programming language (python)
It appears that you don't have much experience in programming.
As, you have only taken one upper level CS course, EECS 475. You need three more upper level CS classes and one MDE.
Your course records show you have taken enough philosophy classes. It would be better for you to sign up for more math classes this time.
In regards of EECS484 Database Management Systems, is that something you are interested in?
You're welcome. Later!
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else today?
2 is the easy rating for this course.
Usually people don't enroll in those classes in the same semester.
I can recommend it as another moderate course.
There isn't.
Have you tried doing a math minor
You've already taken course 281 so you should move on to EECS484.
Could we meet on Thursday?
While that is a smart decision, you must not forget to fulfill the other requirements for your degree.
Hey Varsha how are you?
Is it worth taking the introductory data structure course?
Number one Machine Learning.
545 will be a good choice in learning machine.
For that, you're welcome.
They all are heavier in workload when compared with the courses you have taken.  A slightly better choice may be EECS481.
EECS203 Discrete Math is a recommended class you should take.
According to previous students, EECS280 scores 4.13 and EECS183 scores 3.63. But both are very helpful courses according to the scores.
You're in your sophomore year, right?
One of the easier ones is EECS489 which is Computer Networks.
Okay, I would research those classes and see what you need the most if I were you, is there anything else you need?
You have two empty spaces to fill with classes
Smaller classes are recommended as better for a student to learn and interact with the teacher.
Why is that? are you having course load that is looking pretty heavy next semester?
Yes. What can I help you with today?
After checking your preference of clarity, EECS 481 would be recommended for you
The workload for both is fairly neutral.
EECS470 is something I would recommend.
EECS203 is required for taking any higher level courses.
Absolutely! Not a problem!
And this is for EECS 281 which is 2.53
The helpfulness rating was really high, which was 4.07.
Is what EECS 376 involves. EECS 370 is about designing and building "simple" computers to understand how computers execute programs
This class is a 4 credit class
I think 3 or 4 classes would work for your schedule.
Entrepreneurs who want mobile app development should take eecs 441.
And EECS 280 as well.
I would recommend  Introduction to Artificial Intelligence as the other MDE option
According to your background, I recommend you to take one of these EECS 470: Computer Architecture and EECS 478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization FA 2011
May I help you today?
No problem. Good luck!
The world's your oyster as far as electives go, so long as your other requirements are fulfilled.
Though I would suggest that if you only want to take one EECS class that isn't too difficult, 280 would be the one to sign up for.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
It runs from 3-pm.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 69:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.

C. options-for-next:
I'm not sure, it would depend on if other students drop it. The class is small, but you still may have a chance.
Yes, you can take EECS 492 Intro to Artificial Intelligence or EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems, which have a comparatively larger class sizes.
How hard would you like the class to be?
Most pupils take 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370.
EECS 376, which is Foundations of Computer Science, is like an extension of EECS 203.
I think Jia Deng next, and next year Johnson-Roberson.
EECS 441, which is mobile app development, is reported to be a relatively easy upper level class
Did you like ENGR, MATH, PHYSICS, or CHEM the best?
Engineering is difficult. If you work diligently...
You should take EECS203 (Discrete Math) if you are interested in Computation Theory.
Can you handle having both in the same semester?
So, you can do some required classes like EECS 370 and 376. You can take pretty much any upper level you wish. An upper level elective you may be interested in is EECS 485 - web development.
Do you need to ask another question?
Hi Varsha! What's up with you today? What can I help you with?
Next semester you should probably take 370 and 281 at the same time.
CS requirements, you only need 1 more upper-level and your MDE
Hi!
EECS183 comes before EECS280.
The two other classes you might want to take are EECS 376 Foundations of CS, and EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms. The first is required, but they are both light classes.
How about your preference for how many students are in a single class?
hello! What can I help you with?
Top of the morning.
Hi! How can I assist you today?
It is generally found by people that 370 has a light to moderate workload
Advisory prerequisites include a linear algebra class and a statistics class.
Yes, that would actually cover one of your upper level
EECS 183 will give you more detail on programming material and that might be better for you.
A good course would be EECS183
Great, it looks like you still haven't taken EECS 281 though, so you should probably take it next semester.
I think you can take these two courses simultaneously,judging by your previously taken courses.
I suggest that you take EECS 478 along with a history class dealing with middle age art as you took HISTART101
The instructor is Seth Pettie.
What in the EECS field interests you?
You should take 281 the next semester.
Hello, I'm fine. How are you?
Of course! Don't mention it! :)
EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281 are all great courses that satisfy cs major requirements
Do you have any specific areas in mind?
Given your interest in web technology and your desire for a lower workload I suggest that you take EECS 484
If you decide to do that, I think I should suggest taking something easier, like EECs477.
Linear algebra will help a lot for ULCS courses.
Is there anything you're thinking of?
Based on your experience, I think you should take EECS481 Software Engineering, EECS484 Database Management Systems, and EECS485 Web Database and Information Systems.
Hi! What is the type of advising that you need?
EECS370, EECS281, and EECS376
In a minute I’ll pull your profile.
Since you are interested in ML and have not taken eecs445, I suggest taking it as it is challenging but not too hard.
281 Data structures and algorithm is what I recommend.
My suggestion is database management.
You're welcome.  Thank you.
Around 170 students
I'm sure I was somewhat helpful!
It might be more difficult to take 280 before 203 because you'll learn a lot of useful information that will help you understand the material in 280.
I would look into pursuing one of the many paid research opportunities. You might really like artificial intelligence and machine learning if you liked 370. It would be a great idea to get in touch with Jenna Weins.
Is there anything you'd like me to answer?
Sorry, no.
The only courses you can take this semester are EECS 281, 370, or 376 since you have only taken EECS 280 and 203.
What kinds of classes have you enjoyed in the past?
I have taken 183 and now trying to decide between 280 and 203, which should I take?
Alrighty, are you looking to find a specific subject?
Hey! How can I help you out today?
How's everything going?
You're welcome. Bye!
Is there anything else I can do?
Hello, student.
Hi, how can I help you?
EECS484 is a prerequisite course for EECS584.
It is offered at 1:30-3 PM and has 45 students.
Any other questions?
Depend upon your background, I'd recommend taking EECS376.
EECS376 is an introduction to computation theory: finite automata, regular languages, pushdown automata, context-free languages, Turing machines, recursive languages and functions, and computational complexity.
The morning has a number of classes.
Okay, see ya!
Absolutely how can I meet your requirements?
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.
much obliged, and you too
i've witnessed you have done all the prerequisites for cs
Are you looking for suggestions for classes?
Why do you like to take your MDE next semester?
EECS482 is one that I would recommend.
What question would you like to ask today?
This semester will be hard. You should take another term.
That is a great class for you.
I think you can do well in EECS203
Taking EECS183, elementary programming concepts, would be best for you based on your history.
Humanities and other general credits that are not BS credits fall under the breadth course umbrella.
Take 445 instead, it's easier.
May I suggest classes that would be suitable?
What can I do for you today?
Is there anything I can help you with?
How may I be of help?
It is better to separate those two classes in different semesters.
Hello! What would you like to discuss today?
I would recommend EECS477 if that's your field of interest.
Thanks for showing up
"You are successesful in 3 computer science classes?"
I can't wait until we meet again!
At the same time, taking Discrete Math is a requirement for supplementing the knowledge gained by studying Computer Science.
What can I do for you AJ?
EECS492 is an introduction to Artificial Intelligence you could try

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 70:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280

C. options-for-next:
The professor earned a helpfulness rating of +4 because they were really helpful.
Today, do you require any assistance from me?
373 is a good class, if you can handle  difficult course work.
I suggest that you also take EECS 203.
What's your grades?
Yes, absolutely.
Terrific, It seems like it is just right for you!
EECS 281,370,376 are all core cs classes you should take
Databases, do you know anything about those ?
Is EECS of any relevance to you?
Is there something related to AI that you are interested in?
Can I address any concerns?
It's quite a bit easier.
In that situation, I would choose EECS482.
The easiness rating for this class is 3.08
that class will help you in future courses
Hello
Taking Discrete Math is a really good idea.
No, there is not.
That course deals with Interactive Computer Graphics.
I advise you to get used to larger class sizes.
AI has a very important course,EECS445.
I am Sorry, I can only give feedback on EECS classes.
Taking EECS 281 will open up upper level CS courses right away.
This course contains basic algorithm analysis, foundational data structures and basic algorithms.
Correct, 441 has a semester long group project.
Yes, you have had solid report cards.
EECS 203 is a class about mathematical concepts
Hey there Shane!
I hope you have an awesome day!
Nope, it's mid level.
Hope you do great next semester
Do you prefer large or small classes?
Sadly, no.
If you are looking for software dev, 481 will be an excellent selection.
EECS 370 is harder than ##CS 376, but easier than EECS 281.
Hello how can I help you today?
That class is somewhat large.
I would suggest taking 2 of the three available courses, beginning with 281 and 370.  You'll want to take 376 with an upper level CS course after that.
Awesome! You have a nice day!
It is not a heavy workload at all.
Do you want to look at the list of intellectual breath classes available to you?
I really think sophomores should take 376 too.
You will find this one okay, if you also found EECS 280 AND 285 not too difficult
Classes that deal with Software Infrastructure Applications would make sense to take next like EECS 376 or 281.
Nice. Go for it.
Besides Hardware, do you have any other preferences?
When choosing between web or software development, which is your preference?
You should finish all EECS coursework before anything else.
EECS484 and EECS 485 are recommended by myself.
Requirements for upper level CS courses are completion of 203 and 280.
web or software development, which one you like more?
Would you like to try a non-technical course with this schedule, or do you think you can handle another EECS course?
Did you take any previous math classes?
Greetings pupil, what questions do you want to ask today?
You should take EECS545. However, this class is in the morning
Organizing computers.
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Do you have any other course recommendations to take with that?
You are required to take EECS370 and EECS370 to receive a Computer Science degree as well as to take other upper-level Computer Science classes.
The ML course is not one that you have taken.
Any of these stand out to you?
You can consider taking EECS 492 which is an AI course, or EECS 545 which is about Machine Learning.
This is a very hard EECS class but I believe you can do it.
Project due dates shouldn't be a problem in 376 or 492 because they aren't as programming-heavy as most EECS courses.
The instructor's name is Martha E Pollack. The class is easy, take it.
Does that arouse your curiosity?
How do you like EECS477?
There is one class in that field: EECS 485: Web Database and Systems
I hope next semester goes well.
As there are no big end of semester projects, so moderate.
Let me think for a bit
If you do, i would suggest something easier like EECS 477
As per me you should take another class since you have already taken this class
As you're a sophomore in computer science that have not taken 280 and 203 yet, I'd suggest taking EECS280 and EECS203 along with another 4 to maybe 6 credits depending.
What is your preference of class size?
Computer Science, you like?
You are nice to meet.
Its rating is 4.31 which is more than 90% of EECS courses.
Have a good one then!
EECS topics cutting edge is everything.
What brings you in today?
I have no information , but I have a hunch he's great
Would there be anything more? My pleasure.
There could be 65-70 people in the Cryptography class.
In that case, I would suggest EECS482.
Perhaps the class EECS 280 or EECS 183 since it's more broad.
482 teaches you many topics which are important for operating system design and implementations. You learn multi-tasking; concurrency and synchronization; inter-process communication; deadlock; scheduling; resource allocation; memory and storage management; input-output; file systems; protection and security.
Ok, I might recommend getting your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, out of the way first.
Is there anything else I might do for you today?
If I understand, on Monday and Wednesday, the class is at 9-10 am.
Another option is for you to take EECS492, which is an introduction to Artificial intelligence.
If you like web development than EECS 485 is a great class to learn the basics and make web apps with flask.
Also, the class includes CSS, HTML, Javascript, and AngularJS.
EECS 271 is our introductory level class teaching algorithm analysis and O-notation.
Do you have anything else to ask me?
The information isn't available for the class times. Sorry.
If you want to be a software engineer or data scientist. I think you should know things like linear algebra and probability.
Okay, are you happy enough with majoring in CS?
EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is similar in class size and easiness rating.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 71:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
So what are your requirements?

C. options-for-next:
Any concerns or questions about the course?
Course 281 covers basic data structures, which is essential if you're looking to major in Computer Science.
How can i assist you with classes?
Hello student, what would you like to ask today?
EECS482 is related to software development and computing infrastructure
you are welcome.
EECS 477, based on your background, should be pretty easy for you.
I'm fine. How can you be helped by me today?
485 is a good choice for a web technology course or your last class could be 385 if you'd rather choose a course more for software.
Hello, what did you need assistance with?
Would web design and database interest you?
Take 583 if you want to know compiler.
Do you have an interest in programming?
I believe you should then select EECS 441, mobile app development.
What questions do you have
Around 120 students
Have you chosen a major?
Hello! What kind of advising do you need?
So what are your requirements?
Thank you.  That is all.
Take a look at the online course workload survey if you want to base your schedule purely on difficulty.
You should take EECS492 which is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
The door of advising is open and you are are always welcome.
It isnt light or heavy that much.
You could take EECS 489 Computer Networks
You can handle 373 based on the courses you have taken.
We unfortunately don't have previous course ratings for 470 on how difficult students thought it was
If you don't have any questions, you're good to go!
I take the EECS 280
EECS 281 is a difficult class with a lot of work.
What's more, this course is not too difficult.
Are EECS 543 knowledge-based systems an option?
Since you go to this school and are a capable student yes you can.
Course EECS445 is machine learning.
EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization is not very difficult and has a moderate workload so you could sign up for that.
All in all, I think every semester, one should take 2 EECS classes.
Is there something I can help you with?
As of now you have only taken one upper level CS course so far, EECS 475. You still lack one MDE and three more upper level CS courses.
It is probably not possible since you have only taken ENGR101.
The difficulty rating is approximately 2.5, so it should be fine.
The workload for EECS477 is medium
Not sure.
which begins at 15:00 and finishes at 16:00
I recommend taking EECS 280 and 203 in the same semester
the helpfullness rate is 4.13/5
If you're looking for a great security class, I recommend EECS 388, introduction to security
Okay that sounds good. What area interests you the most in Computer Science?
You will learn how to implement different data structures in your code.
Hi Mara! How are you doing today?
This class will teach you about NP-completeness. You are encouraged by me to take it if you wanna learn more.
Since you're finished with EECS281, you are able to take most of the upper level CS courses. Some of my suggestions are EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, or EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
To complete your MDE, you must take Tech Com 497 with EECS 496: Professionalism and Development. You must then select one design class. Your options include EECS 481: Software Engineering, EECS 441: App Development, EECS 494: Game development, or EECS 470.
The two classes are great and don't require a lot of work.
EECS 478 concerns advanced design of logic circuits and other things.
Given how you only took ENGR101 that won't happen.
Sorry, I meant EECS 376 and EECS 370.
Leave 492 and take 545
EECS 381, 482 are not very easy courses
Would you also like to take a math course next year?
Based on your background, I recommend taking EECS281 data structures and algorithms.
I see you have taken EECS 281. I recommend that you should take both EECS 370 and 376 next semester
I suggest taking EECS 281 right away after you finish 280 and 203, since 281 will allow you to take most upper level classes
I would stay away from adding a third class that is difficult
This course isn't that difficult, only 2.23.
Have a nice day!
With your background, it is a good fit.
Are you feeling better about scheduling classes?
Maybe some of the econ minor requirements can be taken with it by you.
This class shouldn't be extremely demanding, based on the classes you've taken.
What would you like?
Hello! How can I help you today?
You may look up past ratings at http://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/all_survey.2016.htm.
The event begins at noon and lasts until 1:30pm.
EECS 381 should only be taken if you are highly motivated towards Software Development because it's a challenging course.
Would you like afternoon courses?
Class sizes ranging from 80 to 100 can normally be expected from these courses.
I suggest you to take EECS281 and EECS370 as they are prerequisites for most upper classes.
EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281 are all courses that fulfill cs major requirements.
You're welcome
Planning to major in EECS?
Smaller classes are better for student to learn and interact with the teacher.
One of the math requirements for CSE would be good take, as well.
no, I'm doing engineering advising job
Sure. I recommend you take EECS 281 and EECS 376 together.
The 595 teacher is Professor Mihalcea.
I've noticed you took the EECS 477 course.
Hi! How's your day?
Our introductory OS class is EECS 482 and it's in OS!
Hold it. I can check it for you.
Okay, what sort of fields of computer science are you interested in?
You  may want to start with something a little more basic. It's been some time since you took Engineering 101 and were coding.
You should take EECS 281 and EECS 370 in the same semester.
It is not believed by me that it is wisest to just choose the easiest course available
Sorry I cannot tell you their schedules, my database if not yet updated.
It is not set.
Since you have taken some math and physics classes
Do you want to take a course that is for your major
Because EECS183 has a score of 3.42/5 it is moderately difficult.
Would you like to question anything else?
Inform me on what topic you are interested in.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 72:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.

C. options-for-next:
Do you need help with anything else?
Great! Then EECS 485 might be just the thing that you're looking for.
Both classes are excellent that are reasonable in worload
I would be happy to. What are your expectations for your last semester? Do you want an easy schedule or hard schedule?
Are you considering taking a class about fundamentals of programming languages?
A class that requires a good deal of work is EECS 281.
Have a pleasant 24 hours.
Hi there, Ian. How is your day?
You're welcome!
I believe if you are comfortable with you time management skills this is doable
I do not know the class schedule for EECS203.
How could I serve you today?
What do you need help with today?
I don't have any other courses that are currently reccommended for you, besides 376.
I would advise taking eec477 if that’s your field of interest
I would recommend you ask the instructors Yaoyun Shi and David R Chesney
Everything is fine.  We will talk later.
Do you prefer ideas that are more practical or theoretical?
It looks like you have already taken ENGR 151, so you got that in your favor.
This teacher has a low clarity and helpfulness rating, and his name is John Patrick Hayes.
Sweet, I hope you are going to have a great semester.
Computer networks and security
You're welcome.
Cool, I see you've taken 485. I think 484 is a good class that focuses on databases, which is important for backend
So, did you want to do EE, CE or CS? Or any combination from it?
You need to complete EECS 203 first.
One large class is EECS485.
Are you interested in Linguistics courses?
What do you need help with today?
What topics interest you?
That's great.
Most students enjoy the moderate workload and subject matter of EECS 484.
There are lots of classes such as EECS 494, EECS 381, and EECS 481 have clear professors
Although this class would be theoretical than 281. You should keep that in mind.
Yes
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.
Seeing that you are more interested in software development, I would tell you to take the EECS484.
Yes, it's a programming course.
As you are also interested in Software Development applications, EECS494 is a good class for you.
Based on your backgroud, you may find this course difficult
Ok ?
Tell me what I can assist you with today.
Although, definitely as you move into these upper level coursesI wouldn't recommend missing lectures like you did in 280, you might fall behind.
What other subjects are of interest to you?
It can be described as Advanced EECS 203.
Is EECE 373 Design of Microprocessor Based System something that would appeal to you?
People who want to take another EECS course in addition to 281 should take 376 because 376 is not a project-based course like 281 and 370.
What is your preference, science or literature?
I am glad I was of service, good bye.
You have attended Engr 101 and more than one Calculus coarse.
281 involves a lot of programming. 376 is more theory based. It will be a nice mix.
A few ULCS electives you might find interesting are EECS485, Web Database and Information Systems.
EECS 485 has a heavier workload than EECS 484, but both are pretty easy.
Is logic circuit synthesis and optimization something you are interested in?
I would recommend taking EECS 484, EECS 370 and 376.
Ok. Based on your situation, I suggest you take EECS489 later and first take the prerequisite in this semester.
Each class is 3 credits
In the next semester, I hope you do well.
A good recommendation for CE class would be taking EECS373 : Design of Microprocessor Based Systems. It has a higher easiness rating as per other students and would go well with EECS281.
You completed ENGR101 so your next step should be EECS 183
Would you be interested in doing that?
What areas of study are you interested in?
What ever it is in addition you need to know, please go ahead and ask and I can help you understand.
I think EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor Based System, EECS 470: Computer Architecture, EECS 485: Web Database and Information Systems, EECS 484 Database Management Systems will be the best classes, considering your interests.
Among medium-sized course, I suggest Software Engineering.
Those courses are both project based so taking them together can lead to a higher than average workload so I would take a lighter class with those if you choose to take both.
You're welcome
Hello, Today what did you need help with?
Do you have any interest in Machine Learning?
That sounds terrific! Within Computer Science, what interests you most?
Hello, how are you?
My advice is to take both courses.
482 can be very demanding and can create a very busy semester when combined with other EECS classes. However, more students find that it can be taken with humanities class with no problems.
Hello, how can I help you, Chong?
The Easiness score is: 2.53 for EECS281
That's great! Does database interest you? I recommend you to take EECS 484 as one of the courses for next semester?
You can take 482, 484, 487, 481,485,477, 483, 493, or 441.
Yes, and with your background, you're eligible to take EECS 370.
On Monday and Wednesday, the course is being held.
What do you need help with today?
I think you have made the right choice, but you need to remember to fulfill other requirements for your degree.
I would advise Physics 240 and an intellectual breadth course of your discretion so that you can continue on course.
Is there anything else that you are interested in?
You are interested in what?
Hello Student
Let me help with that.
Prerequisites will need to be taken first.
The professors alternate between CSE and ECE professors, but Jia Deng is a good professor.
These courses are basic ones that include elementary coding and math concepts. These will be essential to master before moving on to more challenging courses.
EECS 373 is an easier class if thats what you're looking for
No problem! Come back any time
Hello, how are you?
EECS481 Software Engineering would be a good choice for you.
You're welcome.
With the double major it will be hard to graduate in 3years
Are you interested in seeing a list of your intellectual breath class options?
Do databases intrigue you?
The classes EECS 281, 370 and 376 would be a good choice for you based on my recommendation.
My pleasure.
An important course for AI is EECS445.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 73:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.

C. options-for-next:
Generally, there are about 167 people in that class.
In the software development area there are upper level courses you could take.
If you want to further your programming experience, both of these courses are the logical next steps of the courses you've already taken.
You would just need to take EECS370 and EECS281 and one upper level elective
You have the prerequisite, EECS 281, and with your interest in database, why don't you take EECS 484?
It's not difficult, just of average easiness.
As you are a CSE major, you will not need to take EECS 183, since you've already taken ENG100
I'm happy to hear that! Bye now!
You should definitely take EECS 281.
Will there be anything else?
I recommend taking a senior design course to fulfill your graduation requirements.
Yea. In that case, I still have many courses available. Which area are you interested in Web Technology or Software development?
Are you interested in this course?
I can only recommend you on CS classes, and it looks like you have the pre-reqs to take EECS 280 (Programming and Introductory Data Structures), EECS 203 (Discrete Math), or EECS 183 (Elementary Programming Concepts)
EECS 203 focuses more on Discrete Mathematics. You'll learn the ideas behind computer systems.
So, what's next?
An easy class you should take is by the instructor Martha E Pollack.
I am not sure, the difficulty rating for 483 is not currently available.
Right now you can take upper level CS course, 376 to graduate, 482 for operating systems, 373 about microprocessor systems, and 485.
Groovy! Because you liked the size of the class, and the content of EECS 203, I would recommend EECS 376: Foundations of Computer Science.
I would suggest not taking too many tough classes with EECS 281, given how difficult is it.
About one hundred.
Hello!
It studies data structure and algorithms and it's got a heavy workload.
How are you doing today?
EECS 373 is the only upper level CS course you've taken as of now. So if you want to graduate after this semester, you'll have to take all three. Remember now, that you've still not taken EECS 376, another graduation requirement. If you wanted to take all of these classes in one semester, it would be a large workload with a lot of programming.
What can I do for you?
EECS 482 does have a pretty heavy workload
You still need to complete some of your requirements, such as EECS 376 and EECS 281
You are welcome.
Yes, absolutely.
Is there anything else I can do?
Of the two, is EECS 373 the smaller?
Not a problem!
If you want to declare CS as your major you have to get EECS203 out of the way quickly.
There is not; however, you can attend the discussion hour that will help with any doubts.
I find you are the junior student and have took a lot of courses in EE and CS. Do you prefer EE or CS?
What kind of problem do you have?
OK. As far as classes that are more applied I would suggest EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development.
Based on your preferences, I would recommend to take EECS484 Database Management Systems
Unless you have extra time in your schedule, I would recommend sticking to 484. If you need another class, you may consider taking EECS 381.
I believe any student should consider these courses if they are interested in web development.
I can handle 281 and 376 together.
It has yet to be set.
Is there any other questions?
As long as you keep track of matrix sizes, Linear Algebra is simple.
Do you have one of the three subjects you prefer?
My mistake, I am indeed the advisor.
Alright, what area are you specifically looking to take classes in?
Professors are really important.
477 may be challenging, it has advanced math and relies on fundamentals from previous courses.
However, since you are a senior, it is impossible for you major in EECS and graduate on time if you have not taken EECS 281 at this point.
We do not have access to this information.
In addition you must still complete 4 ULCS classes, Stats 250, plus 1 MDE. It's not impossible to finish in time but it'd be a difficult feat. I think you should try to get one of your grad level EECS classes to count as a ULCS
Both 376 and 492 have reasonably average difficulty levels, so you would be fine taking both.
Robot touch and movement.
EECS 482 is the Introduction to Operating Systems
You could take some other upper level EECS classes, or maybe an intellectual breath or technical elective that interests you, as you are still unsure of a specific interest
I would recommend EECS203 if you have taken Calculus before.
The EECS 281 class has a class size around 81 students.
You have to finish your pre requisites beforehand
The class sizes for these courses range from 80-100.
Enjoy your day!
The Compiler Construction task is taught by Lingjia Tang.
EECS376 and EECS370 are also classes you can take.
What is it, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization.
EECS 398 Computing for Computer Scientists is an easy class.
For winter 2014, these are the courses available: EECS376, EECS281, EECS478, EECS475, EECS370
Computer vision is taught in EECS 442.
how can I help you with today?
Computer Organization is another class you have to take which is EECS 370.
The EECS484 course can be used as an option.
Do you have any studies you are interested in, like maybe algorithm or web designs.
You should make great use of office hours for course material 370 and 376.
Around 120 is the class size, on average.
There seems to be about 100 students.
No problem. Do you have an idea as to what classes to take now?
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
441 is also an easy course.
You should take EECS 482.
My thanks for coming here today!
You will need to take EECS 281 before you consider taking any upper level EECS electives.
Since you're interested in machine learning, I would suggest both EECS 492 and 381 as it will give you a good foundation for your upper levels.
What topic fits you the best?
A good course to take next would be  EECS 376
I advise you to obtain both.
If you are in doubt, I think it would be best to just take EECS 183 and see how you feel about it.
But the class it has is large.
I think this class fits you
Absolutely! It's no trouble at all! :)
Have a wonderful day!
How may I help you?
I certain that you will do nicely.
That is a good idea for a final project.
There are two other options to consider, computer software and hardware.
prof always need to teach
Hello!
A major in EECS requires EECS 281.
Okay, here's an additional one that I suggested.
If you can wait a moment I will check for you.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 74:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.

C. options-for-next:
Natural language processing is just like machine learning.
Hi! Do you need any help from me today?
Are web databases the only requirements?
you could also take 478 Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization, which is also a computer hardware class, but not as challenging ast 470
It will occur at 1:30
There's a computer game design course called EECS 494 that you may consider taking.
Do you want to see all the intellectual breath classes available to you?
Adios Varsha!
EECS 370 could be taken before you take more upper level courses.
You did a bunch of chemistry but not so much calculus, correct?
EECS 280 and 203 are two classes being offered this semester you can sign up for.
Foundations of Computer Science is the class I was speaking of.
Are there other subjects you are interested in studying?
You can see how EECS203 is, the Discrete Math class.
You're right, EECS203 is a morning class.
It will be in the afternoon.
Hello. What can I do for you?
Are you looking to take a heavy or light semester?
EECS 373:Design of Microprocessor Based Systems
You still need to complete some of your prerequisites, such as EECS 376 and EECS 281
You have a lot of EECS classes in your profile, would you like to take more?
You still need EECS 376 and EECS 281 as prerequisites
Okay. What are you majoring in?
I see that you have already taken many computer science classes.
The class is based more on conceptual ideas.
The easiness rating of this one is 2.5.
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.
That information is not certain yet.
Nah.. it's AI now.
A teacher next semester will be Igor L Markov
If you're considering something besides EECS, then Extreme Weather is said to be pretty cool.
4 credits is what you'll get.
If computer hardware interests you, I would recommend taking EECS470.
Can I answer anything else for you?
I would get your core courses of EECS 376 and 370 done first.
since 376 is light, it's good to go with a heavier one.
Generally, it's taken during one of the final two semesters, so I'd hold off on it for now.
How, today, can I help you?
482 operating systems can also be interesting for you
So 376 is focused more on math/theory than 370.
I hear you. EECS 494, on computer games, is a course that you should look over.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Given the difficulty level of EECS 281, I don't recommend taking other difficult courses alongside it.
These 2 classes are not very hard.
It shows that you have completed the pre-requisits so you may take the class.
Yes. His partner in semantic understanding and general action recognition is Professor Rada.
Do you need any other advice?
Are you planning to major in EECS?
I believe you are on the right path Meili.
Thanks, you too!
Goodbye
Both are required classes in order to graduate.
Give me a second to look into that.
Starting the projects early and going to office hours will be helpful with EECS. Also take opinions of the students and also look into study groups.
What's up
Since you have interest in taking classes in the morning I suggest EECS 281.
EECS 280 looks like it is a great option for CE or CS.
You still need to finish some of your prerequisites, such as EECS 376 and EECS 281
Thank you, I am doing well enough.
Hi, what can I help you with?
If you would like to take computer-related field as a major, it is a very important course.
What can I do for you today?
I don't have the times on my schedule, but each class usually has several sections.
If you don't have programming experience, its just for you!
They are both large classes, with about 80 to 90 people.
Best wishes for your studies, goodbye.
want to get your Major course requirements  enroll in either EECS 370 or EECS 376
There should be some sections available because it's a relatively popular class, but our system is being a bit finicky right now.
Each has a class size around 100
EECS 370 is a simple class, and 484 is also doable too, but if you do not enjoy mathematics or had hard times in EECS 203, you may have to put efforts for EECS 376.
Hello! What do you need help with today?
Hey, I'm happy to help you out.
The next core requirement for the CS Major is EECS376
Then how about Web Database and Information Systems EECS 485?
I suggest Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs, Software Engineering, and Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Can I help you?
Hi, what can I help you with?
You're welcome.
Definitely, you can look at EECS 280
If you liked EECS281 and EECS376, you should think about taking the intro to algorithms course, EECS477.
Think about an option such as EECS 183 for the Elementary Programming Concepts program.
What do you need?
The easiness rating for EECS 376 is 1.91, but that just refers to workload.
Each of these three classes gives you four credit hours.
No problem! I'll think about it and let you know.
I have no information , but I have a hunch he's great
Whats up? How can I help you today?
Hi! What can I help you with today?
The EECS482 class size is 99.6.
Is it required to complete 376?
Yep! Since you have mostly been taking STEM classes up to this point it would be good to explore some other options, there are many interesting choices
Do you have a preference for courses?
EECS477 will have an early start time
With many time slots and lecture size averages of 84 and 92, these classes fit your criteria.
The workload for that class is undefined, so I am not able to tell you. Another class you could take is EECS 482. It has a clarity rating of 4.2/5 and is offered at 4:30 in the noon
Hi
You can take EECS 475 it is not to late it you want to.
With your background I recommend course 281.
alright, good! what other questions do you have?
EECS 370 and EECS 376

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 75:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
Good, what help  can i do for you?
The rating for easiness for that class is 3.67.
You interested in what major
The EECS376 code refers to the fundamentals of computer science. The EECS281 code is linked to the data structures and algorithms, while the EECS370 code is the introduction to the organization of computing.
Both Introduction to Computer Organization and Introduction to Cryptography are 4 credit classes.
I reccoment EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts for you.
Actually it's EECS270 you've taken, not EECS370 like you thought.
Amount of classes you want to take?
You may find it difficult at first, but it really get better after mid-term.
What is your availability during the day?
Well, he is rated as being helpful.
Hello! Can I help you?
As it opens up a lot of course options sooner.
You've already taken course 281 so you should move on to EECS484.
you can combine 376 with 381
There is a class for game design.
Please elaborate
Is there anything I can assist you with today?
Do you have any knowledge  about Computer Science?
My choices are EECS484 and EECS 485
It also has a discussion section in case you face issues
I’m not quite sure, but you always check the class schedule online.
This add up to 12 credits of upper level cs
More course options become available sooner with it.
Hello, can I assist you today?
Great!, What are your questions?
Ok, since you have interest in operating systems I suggest that you take EECS 482
What do you want?
OK then. It looks like 475 is no fun at all. 370 is an interesting course.
The class sizes for these courses range from 80-100.
You are welcome
It also looks like you're a junior. MDE is taken by most people when they're senior.
Are you interested in Linguistics courses?
Both courses are project based so doing both can lead to a heavy workload. I would suggest taking an easier class alongside them.
Is there something else I can assist you with?
Negative, it is impossible to take both EECS281 can only be taken once EECS280 is complete.
The best class for those interested in Software Development applications EECS494.
Before you can declare you major, you will need the last class EECS 203.
Alright. How many total credits would I need for graduation?
Course 485 uses Python to help in teaching web development.
If you keep it up with the EECS courses you're actually ahead for your freshman year.
What topic do you find appealing?
Do you need more recommendations for courses or do you already have a good idea of what you want?
How difficult are the classes you prefer?
You should not take those three classes together instead try one of the prerequisites.
We can probably still think of something. Would you say you are more interested in the theoretical, mathematical side of things, or more into practical application?
2.23 is its historical easiness rating.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
It is possibly you could take Eecs 280, an Introduction to Programming and Data Structures course that requires no pre-requisites. You could also take Eecs 285 to learn about Programming language or Computer Systems.
Another class I think you would enjoy taking is introduction to cryptography. This class is also meant to be easier, but may be different from any other class you may have taken yet.
I'd like to see.
Does this attract you?
Is there another question you have?
Next semester you should take 281 since you've taken both prereqs.
Awesome! Sending you my best!
It's not really a big one compared with the other EECS class.
Do any of the three other courses interest you as well, at least right now?
This event will not conflict with your current schedule.
100 students is about the total
For class what size do you prefer?
Do you find yourself liking hardware or software-related courses?
Are you doing a double majors?
Do you have an appointment?
Ok, let's check what courses you have already taken.
I am not sure, I will check.
Do you require any more aid?
Do you have anything further to add?
Hello, happy to make your acquaintance.
Okay, I will research those classes and see what interests you the most if I were you, is there anything else you need>
What kind of courses are you seeking?
Hi qijun, are you a sophomore student?
What can I do for you?
You only need 8 more breadth credit so acquiring one course out of the way next semester would be a good idea
Do you prefer software courses or hardware courses?
No other hardware courses are available next semester.
definitely let me check for a min.
It's a 3 credit class
Negative. The class, EECS484, is in the morning.
EECS 376 is titled Foundations of Computer Science
It's Professor Strauss, who is moderately helpful.
It's concerning discrete math.
281 is heavy on programming. 376 is more theory based. It will be a good mix.
Hello Zizhen!
Okay, can you tell me what field interests you most?
Do you have an interest in low or high level programming?
If its to much work for you take a light class with it
In my opinion i think its not that bad
Have you enrolled in ENGR 101
Are you looking to graduate this year?
Hi, I'm great, thanks, and yourself?
Have you ever thought about taking EECS 588? It will be more theory and paper related, but the professor is supposed to be the best in his field
I am sorry, I don't know the course distribution that it fulfills.
Hey Casey. How can I be of assistance today?
You'll have to finish around 54 more credits or so before you're eligible for graduation
Of course, I think EECS 373 is a great option. It is about Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
As far as your preferences, what is the difficulty range?
No problem
Sounds good
All are considered pre-major courses, so they aren't considered to be part of a specific area of CSE.
What class of those you've taken have you most enjoyed?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 76:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.

C. options-for-next:
EECS 485 would provide you a great time based on your interests.
Great.  If you have watched westworld, I would advise you take EECS 492 to learn about AI
The helpfulness rating is 4.13/5.
What is the most comfortable class size for you?
From there you can begin taking CS courses in the upper level.
Would courses meeting in the afternoon be okay?
203 is Discrete Math so it won't be programming intensive. 280 on the other hand will be programming intensive.
Are there any other classes that you prefer?
When I took that course, Professor Lee was an excellent teacher.
Fantastic. What is the total number of classes you wish to take in the next semester?
EECS 470 is an intro level graduate course on cpu architecture, which focuses heavily on computer design and implementation and aspects related to those topics
Consider taking one of the 370 and 478.
both of those prereqs should take 281 next semester.
You are a sophomore, I see.
On a scale of difficulty and easiness it is of average easiness.
You might want to sign up for 478 then, since it is a more moderate difficulty.
You need an elective. I would suggest 300 level physics classes.
Go to http://www.lsa.umich.edu/cg/ for the course guide.
Top of the afternoon!
Are you interested most in Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, or AI?
It will benefit you as you will learn about computer organization.
EECS487 can be taken by you
Since you're a sophomore, you can take a variety of classes.
Hello, is there anything I can help you with today?
That sounds good.
Cool. I would recommend you taking EECS484.
I personally would recommend computer vision to VLSI because there are many more opportunities to make automated learning systems.
No problem!
From your background information, you might like taking EECS and EECS 492.
Great! I think this helped
280, 203, and 183 would all be excellent courses for you to take, based on your previous courses and major.
You're most welcome!
Eecs 203 can be taken at summer first.
Yes. It's a difficult course, but it doesn't have lab or discussion session.
You're Welcome!
Artificial intelligence courses are similar to computer games.
Do you want to take courses about computer operating systems?
No problem.
381 would be a good course for you. I do not recommend other eecs classes along with it
In my opinion that is not wise, but you might consider taking only 2 of the 4 if that is a possibility.
Yes it is true that it is counted as a ULCS for Data Science.
In case that you like hardware, I would recommend 478?
Correct, since you would like your workload to lighten.
No, both of these courses have no labs.
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.
Hi there. What can I do for you?
Hi, what can I do for you?
Your welcome, have a great day.
The machine learning class, EECS 445, may relate. Otherwise there are some possibly AI related special topics.
No need to worry. There is always EECS 183. It is a class for people like yourself who have little experience in computer science.
I would recommend you to take a lower level humanities or social science.
Sure, you can add one or more medium-level classes with that.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I do see that you still haven't taken EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, however. So you'll need to take that because it's a mandatory class for the CS major.
Do you have another question?
Okay. What are you majoring in?
What interests you in terms of classes?
Yes, it is a web development course!
EECS280 still incorporates a lot of the same things of EECS183, so if you take EECS183,you would be in better shape to take EECS280.
As a junior, you've had experience with classes that have similar workloads.
Do you have any ideas?
Hello.
This class is a perfect starting point for novice programmers.
Have you taken Calculus courses before?
Stean, have a good evening!
This class is not as hard as EECS482 and EECS492.
The theory of artificial intelligence is found in many games.
Good luck studying, cya.
Have you thought about EECS482 Introduction to Operating Systems?
The easiness rating that EECS582 currently has is NA.
I'm fine.  How can I help you today?
EECS 183 would be my recommendation.
generally students say 441 is not a very heavy class. Otherwise, I would pick a non-cs class. you may want to fulfill some humanities/ss reqs
Depending on whether you are good at math or not, Math 203 and 250 will be easy for you.
Good morning Zach.
Do you need any other advice?
Terrific!
How can I help you today?
There are no classes that you can take in Software Development right now.
Are you very interested in AI-related courses
If you wanna work a lot and complete all prerequisites you could take EECS370, EECS376, and EECS281, but that's quite a difficult combination.
EECS 477 and 281 are similar, but one focuses on algorithm performance analysis and optimization, while the other elaborates on specific algorithms.
THE ORIGINAL SENTENCE DOES NOT MAKE SENSE
Take a look at the online course workload survey if you want to base your schedule purely on difficulty.
Are you interested in doing 281 this semester?
That was quite extreme.
Ok, then I suggest you take EECS 281 and EECS 370 for a great semester!
You should take both Software Engineering and EECS 481 because you want to learn software development.
As a freshman, I recommend required classes like EECS280 and EECS203.
Is class size important to you?
Anytime, do you have any more questions to ask?
credits wise you seem to be right on track.
Ok, what kind of classes are you interested in?
I would take the EECS281 class its Easiness rating is 2.53.
Each of the two courses are moderately easy.
do you want to continue this track
You cannot take any other mobile courses.
You can take 495 if you like web.
Looking at your requirements for graduation, it seems you still must take 281.
You need to complete this class to graduate

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 77:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

C. options-for-next:
The class is called Machine Learning.
EECS 376 is less useful than EECS 370.
Wishing you the best!
I have two course suggestions for Fall 2012 for you based on your background: EECS 550 Information Theory and EECS 551: Matrix Methods for Signal Processing, Data Analysis and Machine Learning. You can choose one of the two.
Database Management Systems will be most relevant to your interest.
Sounds great. I am going to my next appointment
Are you fond of the 300-level courses?
Are you interested in software courses or hardware courses?
You're welcome! Can I do anything else for you?
Good then I will sign you up for these classes.
Have you took ENGR 101?
Sorry, I'm an advisor for CSE and can make recommendations about EECS classes, as don't have much insight on other department's courses.
Great, I hope you have a nice semester.
Awarded a great rating (4.15), EECS183 is very helpful.
This is for EECS 281 and is 2.53
How many classes were you wanting to take next semester?
Yes, what kind of class are you asking about?
281 is prerequisite before you take that and also keep that in mind for future as it may not be offered both semesters.
The title of EECS 376 is "Foundations of Computer Science"
One good course for you to take this semester would be the introduction to the mathematical foundation of computer science.
I believe you can easily handle this course since it has an easiness of 2.23.
We'll figure something out!
You could take summer courses however to catch up.
I advise choosing EECS 281 though because that will open up a lot of higher level classes that you can take.
Are you interested in any specific topics?
What classes can we discuss together?
Your background suggests you take EECS281.
You are very welcome. Good bye!
If you're interested in learning about AI, I'd recommend EECS 492.
I noticed you took Econ.
Is there a topic you like better than others?
How can I help you today?
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
It was no problem. I hope you have a good day!
Awesome. You're a great person. Did you need my help with anything else?
What Linguistics courses are you interested in?
If you want to declare CS as your major you have to get EECS203 out of the way quickly.
Drop one
Would you rather improve your programming skills or your mathematical foundations?
Most pupils take 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370.
Hello, how may I assist you?
I would suggest taking EECS 280, because it is a important class for all those majors.
Also you can look into picking a cs elective too
propositional and predicate logic, set theory, function and relations, growth of functions and asymptotic notation, introduction to algorithms, elementary combinatorics and graph theory, and discrete probability theory are the topics taught in intro to math foundations of comp sci.
Taking both at once can be difficult.
EECS 183 is the easiest class you can take next semester.
You might want to look into taking EECS 281.
Hi Brady.
Both classes are large - 129.1 for EECS 484 and 128.5 for EECS 485.
203 covers discrete math, which is the mathematical foundation of computer science.
Stats 503 looks interesting
Hello, how can I assist you today?
Will you tell me about the topics that interest you?
EECS481 has a class size of 63.71
May I help you with something?
The one who teaches 595 is Prof. Mihalcea.
Which topics interest you within the computer science field?
Correct, it's EECS 475. Doing that alongside EECS 388 and 484 should make a perfect semester for you!
Hi Varsha.
Was there a particular area you are forced on?
May I help you with something today?
Are there any more questions?
If computer science is your major then it appears you are just about finished.
Are you sure you have taken EECS280, and EECS203 descrete mathematics?
Computer vision is taught in EECS 442.
You are behind schedule. You need to take EECS 370 and 376 as soon as possible, since they are pre-req for a lot of upper level EECS classes.
absolutely let me look for a min.
EECS376 is easy as pie.
The workload is medium to high for EECS 485 and low to medium for EECS 493.
Either EECS 484 or 485 are courses I think you should take.
I would not advise having more than two eecs classes every semester.
Hmm, what exactly would be your interest?
What courses are you interested in?
How can I assist you today?
But there's many options available for you to check out
Nope, it's mid level.
From my experience if you will take EECS 281, you might as well get the 4 credits from taking EECS 370.
EECS 203 is like an extension to Foundations of Computer Science EECS 376.
It may be better to use EECS584, which would is more advanced database
Great
For computer science majors, theoretical information is generally considered helpful.
as an undergraduate student I am taking 12 credits this semester so i won't have to do it again if I don't want to.
EECS183 is Elementary Programming Concepts
How hard are the classes you like to take?
Nov trouble.
Those two classes together have an easiness score of 2+.
The class size is larger, as it is a required class.
If you are interested in siftwre dev, you willmake a good choice if you choose 481.
What sorts of lower-level electives have caught your interest?
I also recommend EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms which is a fundamental course for EECS student.
Knowing you history, it's a good class for you.
That is an excellent option.
I was mistaken earlier EECS 376 is the hardest class you can take out the 4
Some class topics include CSS, HTML, Java, and Angular JS.
Maybe take one or two of those and seem to some technical electives, like NA 260, since you have most, if not all, of your intellectual breadth dealt with
For you, I would also suggest "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" and "Discrete Math".
the rate is 4.13/5 for helpfullness
how's your grades
If we judge classes on easiness, their scale is 3 out of 5
You're welcome. I'm here anytime.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 78:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
What are your preferences?

C. options-for-next:
It is a hard class but you can handle it.
I see you are still have yet to take EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization
Do you have any other questions?
Hello, I'm doing well, you?
EECS 481 is the one that is easiest.
During students second year most of them like to take 280 and 183.
It is advised that you take EECS492: Artificial Intelligence.
It is easier than EECS276, but more difficult than EECS370
How may I help you today.
It might be updated later.
sure, what are your queries?
For what you like, I would suggest EECS 481 for Software Development.
373 is a great class to take.
In a minute I’ll pull your profile.
What are your thoughts on taking EECS 203?
have a good day.
Out of the programming courses taked so far, which did you enjoy the most?
Yes
You should take EECS 388 or 475, you've taken the prerequisite, 281, and they're in your field of study.
Is there something you need help with?
There is a moderate difficulty level for EECS281.
foundations of computer science?
Interesting, you've taken EECS477.
EECS592 is advanced AI so that can be interesting to you
There are three classes with about 40-60 students, then there is EECS 481, it has the most students.
Okay then, perfect!
It looks like you have most of your pre-requisites out of the way and you can start taking some more EECS courses
EECS 203 is one of our most challenging courses, it would be ideal to take 376 with classes that are less demanding.
You are welcome
It seems as if you need to take some upper level computer science courses to graduate
OK. Great! Do you have any more questions?
No. It's on average workload.
Building new technology to help students who may not be fully capable, like building a smart wheelchair for someone who can't walk.
I hope you have a great semester!
Are you a fan of large classes?
I believe if you are comfortable with you time management skills this is doable
484 would also be a good course for you, based on your interest.
the rate is 4.13/5 for helpfullness
It looks like you are interested in Cryptography.
I recomment you take both EECS 481 and EECS 493.
Everything I've heard about EECS494, Video Game Design, has been positive.
No, sorry, you are required to take EECS281 after EECS280
yes
EECS485 you can take.
I recommend you taking EECS595 as a graduate level course based on your interests.
Perfect, then I would suggest you take 485, which is called web databases
Both of these courses aren't difficult.
my pleasure.
It shouldn't change for now. In the future you may have to take more electrical engineering classes. But for now I would suggest that that you take EECS 281, and if you think you can handle it EECS 376 and 370
Seeing that you have taken MTH 105 and 115 shows me that you are ready for EECS 203.
I see that you still haven't taken EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, which is a prerequisite for CS.
Okay. There might be a better choice than 584 for you.
If you take EECS 280 now, you will be able to take other classes that you are interested in.
if your int. in web development, def. take these courses.
That's a really heavy workload. If you think you can handle the workload, go for it, but I'd suggest only doing two of the classes.
Is there an area within computer science courses that you are most drawn to?
EECS481 averages 63.71 students.
Happy I could be of assistance
Go on.
Oh, you are most welcome
Aside from that you could take EECS 376.
Up until now, which courses did you like?
That is good. Do you know how many courses you plan on taking next semester?
What about those two topics interests you?
How can I be of help to you?
For computer security, take EECS 388. For operating systems, take EECS 482. For artificial intelligence, take EECS 492
It's all good!
That is a very wise choice, but you should also fulfill your other degree requirements.
Taking the EECS484 Database Management System would be of interest to you based on your academic history.
For the most part linear algebra is just keeping track of what the matrix sizes are.
I think EECS281 is a good choice based on what you have learned.
You have to have EECS280
Please let me know what's most imporant: time of the class? who the professor is? the level of the course?
does CS major interest you?
Absolutely.
If you want to get your Major course requirements out of the way early on, you could enroll in either EECS 370 or EECS 376.
What are your preferences?
do you have any other question
Hello, Chong! How can I help you!
Eecs 493 is for users to interface with, while EEcs 487 is used for interactive computer graphics.
Hi! How can I help you with today?
Since you haven't takin any CS classes are you going to?
Also 565, Linear Feedback Control Systems, might be an additional one you are interested in since you like math. Or 560, Linear systems theory.
Each has a medium workload
Are you having a good day?
Obviously your grades have been good.
Greetings, how are you today?
I made an error, I apologize.
Tell me how the deciding goes!
Are there any other preferences on what course you want to take?
Which major fields are you most interested in.
That is why I'm here.
No problem, have a good day!
While I don't have that information currently, I have heard that GSIs are quite useful.
It will be pretty hard to double major with a major as difficult as CSE. If you have confidence in your work ethic, of course it is possible, but I would encourage you to consider taking a minor in classics instead of a major.
Do you like to share your thoughts about the course selection for next semester?
Shobit, hello.
You're interested in what topics?
99.6 is the EECS482 class size.
What are your area of interests?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 79:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.

C. options-for-next:
It is a hard course, but it is very useful
Based on the fact that you haven't taken any any algorithm courses yet, I think you should enroll in EECS 281 if you want to learn more about algorithm.
EECS376, EECS281, EECS478, EECS475, EECS370 are the courses available for winter 2014.
You wouldn't like EECS 484 it's from 9 am to 10:30 am every Monday and Wednesday.
Given your expertise, you may find it difficult to take the two courses in the same semester
Any other question?
It's a heavy workload, but isn't all that hard considering your performance in EECS281.
Both of these classes have a moderate workload.
Hi, how are you doing?
why did you enjoy certain classes?
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
The workload is not at all heavy.
It's the mathematical foundations of computer science.
The only difference is that EECS 492 is a bigger class. It has around 130 students, whereas 481 has around 60-70 students
EECS445 is an important course for those interested in AI.
Out of 5 points, it scored a 2.59.
Most people would consider this a 2.59 on a 5 point scale.
What do you need me to help you with?
So the core classes you need to take are the introductory classes (eecs 183)
Greetings, can I help you in anyway
I think you can take these two courses simultaneously,judging by your previously taken courses.
Definitely! Which major have you considered?
Hi Mara! How are you doing today?
The other MDE option that I would recommend is Introduction to AI
For a relatively easy course to take, go with "Elementary Programming Concepts".
I would suggest that you don't take all of them together if you don't want a high workload.
EECS 203 is a prerequisite for EECS 281.
Hi, nice to meet you.
The 586 course is Algorithims.
Because it goes so deep into object oriented programming and C/C++, EECS 381 is known as the most difficult EECS course.
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.
No problem. I am glad to help.
Class is from 16:30 to 18:00 on Tuesday and Thursday.
To double major with a difficult major like CSE will be pretty hard. If you're confident in your worth ethic, it's definitely possible, however, I suggest you take a minor in classics as opposed to a major.
My great pleasure.
What criteria are you basing your selection off of?
Do you want to do EE, CE or CS? any combination preference?
Both courses too much? I would recommend dropping EECS2280.
Sadly that is information I do not have
I would suggest taking 280 and 203, since getting through both of these classes will make a greater amount of EECS courses available for you in the following semester.
If you are looking for a helpful class, then I would suggest taking EECS183.
The course is Software Engineering.
Not a problem. Do you have any other questions?
Prior to now, have you looked into this class?
It will be pretty hard to double major with a major as difficult as CSE. If you have confidence in your work ethic, of course it is possible, but I would encourage you to consider taking a minor in classics instead of a major.
Hello. With what can I help you? I serve as your advisor.
The workload is not too heavy.
What topic fits you the best?
It should be around 4 hours a week.
You need to enroll in at least 4 upper level classes.
What's your opinion on computer science?
Please also read the syllabus of EECS485 (Web Database and Information Systems) and see if you are interested.
Have a great day! You're welcome!
You are nice to meet too.
Is it usual to to take the class EECS281 after I complete EECS 280?
3.25 is its easiness.
The workload is moderately heavy.
However, you do have a choice from 10 or fewer EECS classes.
A possibility is taking class EECS477: Intro to Algorithms.
Are you interested in something related to AI?
eecs 280 would prob be a good idea for either ce or cs
The class EECS 376 is called "Foundations of Computer Science"
What do you like better?
Any other question?
If you don't have any programming experience, EECS 183 may be tough.
This course has a discussion session. It is worth 4 credit. The last class was worth 3 credit.
Are you in need of any assistance?
Two nice choices based on your record would be eecs183 or eecs 203.
Hi! Do you need help?
Given that you are a Freshman, it is important to start with EECS183.
For AI, machine learning is one of the important aspects.
I've heard that all three together can be a moderately high workload, but it can be done.
EECS is a course on Discrete Mathematics, and has 4 credits.
Next, you should take 280.
No problem, I hope I could help with your questions.
Computer science is good, great.
What do you need help with?
Then I would recommend taking EECS280.
EECS482 and EECS492 are harder than this one.
After mid-terms it gets better even thought you may find it difficult at first.
What are are you looking to take classes in?
Among lighter workload programming classes, that is the only one I know of. There are other such courses but they're mostly theoretical and assignment/homework based instead of programming and project based. Would you still like to hear about them?
Hi, how are you doing?
Do you care about the size of the class?
It has been my pleasure. I look forward to assisting you again in the future.
EECS280 needs to be the background that teaches EECS376.
Are your interests systems, hardware, theory or software engineering?
Are you considering a minor in CS?
Greetings, weilun.
Even though there are generally many sections of each, so you should be able to pick one that suitable for you.
What areas of computer science do you have the most interest in?
370 is a moderate workload, but should not be as heavy as 281 and 475
Would you like any help?
EECS 373 is the Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
Is this available both Monday and Wednesday?
The class, how large would you like it to be?
That's a good course to get into if you're considering Computer Science. It'll teach you about the fundamental data structures of a computer.
Maybe you should try that.
What questions do you have for me?
see you later

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 80:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.

C. options-for-next:
I must alert you, 482 is an extremely difficult class, there is a lot of work involved.
They are both considered slightly harderthan average courses.
It looks like you have most of your pre-requisites out of the way and you can start taking some more EECS classes
Each of these two classes' workload is moderate.
It's 4 credits with a course size of about 40.
It seems that 203 and 280 are a good choice for your next semester.
Do you think you still remember the concepts you learned in ENGR 101?
Hearing that makes me happy.
The 493 course has a very light load.
Well if you're willing to overlook that, I think you should take the class.
Do you want two different CS courses with EECS 376 being necessary soon?
I would recommend that next semester you take EECS 281, and either EECS 370 or EECS 376.
It will be challenging taking three EECS courses and another technical course.
Hi there, how are you doing?
Based on your interests, three courses in mind I have.
That seems like it will be a good final project.
Hello, what can I do for you?
It will begin at 10 in the morning and last until 11: 30 am.
Learn concepts and methods for designing, creating, querying, and managing large enterprise databases.
I need some harder computer classes to graduate.
However, if you want a course that is a bit easier with more overview, you could take EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science.
Based on your feedback, I would recommend that you also take EECS280.
There are, on average, 81 students in a class.
Taking the one course in Discrete math would be a good thing for you
Difficult, this is not.
I would suggest taking EECS376 and either of EECS492 or EECS494 for this semester
I see you have already taken several upper level CE classes, so are you interested in taking more?
It has an easier workload.
What topic do you find appealing?
Any EECS course you want to take next semester?
Hi, what could I help you with?
You are very welcome.
EECS445 Introduction to Machine Learning and natural language processing are very closely related.
This is exceeding expectations for a freshman.
I noticed that you took many courses for hardware and physics, I would suggest you to take EECS470. It's a very helpful course for your career after graduation
EECS 381 (Object Oriented and Advanced Programming) is easy, while EECS 494 (Computer Game Design and Development) is moderately hard. But both classes have an extremely heavy workload
You could select EECS 493
Around 71 it is.
I suggest taking a less intensive class with 482, because 482 is a lot of work.
Whats new?
I suggest!
In that case, I would suggest EECS 482 Intro to Operating Systems, EECS 481 Software Development, or EECS 484 DB Management Systems.
There's also EECS281 EECS 376 and EECS 370 that you have not taken yet.
So I would recommend taking both of them.
What is your interest area?
Does this grasp your interest?
Is another EECS course being looked by you?
As you've already taken 281, 376 or 307 would be better for you next.
You should take EECS 281 to open up more Upper level classes.
It came to my knowledge that you are yet to take any senior design courses , it is my suggestion that you take one to satisfy your graduation criteria .
EECS 280 is quite similar to ENGR 101 you will be building on concepts that you learned in that class, this class has a high clarity and helpfulness rating which is great!
The ideas you have are good ones
I recommend that you take both together.
Class sizes ranging from 80 to 100 can normally be expected from these courses.
I'm so glad you asked! EECS 481 is Software Engineering and EECS 477 is Algorithms.
However, it is usually unwise to take more than 2 EECS classes per semester. The workload just becomes too much.
That information is not certain yet.
EECS 370 relatively easy and is required for several upper level classes. EECS 376 , equivalent in difficulty to 281, deals more with theoretical computer science instead of  programming.
It seems as if you still are missing a lot of the basic requirements.
I suggest you to take EECS482 as well, if you are interested in software development.
The Compiler Construction task is taught by Lingjia Tang.
Minoring in EECS is possible and I'd say to sign up for EECS 281 next semester.
You are most welcome
average 170 students
Would you prefer a class that you are in charge or that is structured?
You will find that the workload for more than 2 EECS classes per semester is too hard.
Larger class sizes should be considered the new norm.
Number 478 is Circuit Synthesis and Optimization.
From my records, they both have pretty high clarity ratings.
It's a lot of work, but from what I've heard, the amount you learn makes it worth it.
The class occurs in the morning.
Are you interested?
What would you like to focus on?
Some of your choices are computational theory, database management, artificial intelligence, circuit synthesis, computer vision or cryptography.
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.
Welcome, what can I do for you?
Do you need help with anything else?
Out of, computer game design, user interface development, or mobile development, which one do you like more?
Unfortunately, you are only able to get that information on Wolverine Access.
Okay, what sort of segments of computer science are you interested in?
I think Jia Deng and Johnson-Roberson are next, respectively.
Das
Many students really like the class and it is very helpful
These classes consist of lot of longer projects so it is mandatory you keep up with your tasks
OK, do you have any additional questions?
if you feel like you have a strong Math or Statistics background, then you could
So you are mainly interested in hardware?
It is possible to register for both 376 and 381
You may like EECS 370
Are you interested in cryptography?
Is there anything else you need?
Since it seems that you have already completed the pre-requisites you may sign up for the class.
Prerequisites will need to be taken first.
No, I wish to tell you that you're awesome!
Are you curious about programming?
It is a class requirement EECS 376, you need it for your degree.
If you take  EECS 485 is it a upper level CS course but will count as a flexible technical elective as well.
If you don't have any programming experience, EECS 183 may be difficult.
Anything else I can do for you today?
Have a great day!

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 81:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript

C. options-for-next:
Indeed, it is a web development course!
EECS183 comes before EECS280.
You are welcome.
Do you have any other questions, or are we all done now?
Then I would suggest giving EECS courses 485 or 493 a look.
Goodbye
Much luck for your study
Then I would suggest EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts
It is advised that you take EECS492: Artificial Intelligence.
281 Data structures and algorythm is recommended by me.
This course's level of difficulty is only 2.23.
Stats 503 looks interesting
EECS 376 and EECS 370 are still needed for you to graduate.
How can I help you?
That's a ton of work. I'd recommend just doing two of those, but go for it if you think you can manage.
You are certainly welcome.
What kind of fields are you interested in?
Cool, take care!
This class should be easy if you have good math skills.
Alright, that sounds good. Any other questions?
Would you like information about them?
Do you need anything else?
Can I help you?
hello!
Goodbye.
Are you interested in web development then?
EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms has sections on Tuesday/Thursday, if that sounds interesting.
I know EECS 281 is in the morning, but you might still prefer it over EECS 376.
Well then I would recommend that you take these classes, good job Stein!!
If you do all three of those courses at the same time, you'll have a major workload.
Hi, is there anything you need today?
It's taught by Yaoyun Shi. A very good teacher!
Yes, I believe so.
It covers algorithms and basic programming techniques.
Which upper level classes are you interested in taking?
Yes, unlike EECS 281, it is tough.
When is the correct time to complete the core requirements for your degree?
Both classes are four credit upper levels.
Indeed these courses instruct you from the starting point but they will be more challenging without any knowledge of programming.
Classes that are worth 4 credits include Introduction to Computer Organization and Introduction to Cryptography.
You'll be able to declare after you take EECS 203
That would be wonderful.
How are you feeling?
If you enjoy statistics then you could take some 400 level stats classes that are pretty easy. Stats 415, and 470 and considered easier classes with a light workload
Right is what you are.
It would take a bit more time, but both classes are very rewarding and worth the effort.
A hard class is EECS 281.  It's a 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey but it's not overwhelming.
You are welcome
Which of these courses sounds interesting?
I could recommend 478, Logic circuit synthesis and optimization building on that.
The course size is around 60 and considered to be normal for senior design course
Allow me to consider it.
EECS484 and EECS 485 are my recommendations.
All of them are 4 credits courses.
What can I do for you today?
Since you're majoring in CS, I think you should take EECS 376 next semester to get that requirement out of the way.
tell me your interests
Are you here for some advising?
Both of these courses are 3 credits
EECS484 is much less difficult than EECS482.
EECS484 is a large class.
Maybe you can consider EECS575 next, advanced cryptography
Intro to Croptography is a class I highly recommend, and it comes with a heavy workload.
Greetings student!
EECS218 Data Structures and Alorithms is a fundamental course for EECS student that I also recommend.
Do you have an interest in programming?
Matt Terwilliger is easy going.
Pleasure is totally mine!
So if you follow along the series the next classes that you can select are EECS 280, EECS 203, and EECS 183
the engineering of software
Among your ENGR, MATH, PHYSICS and CHEM classes, which did you like best?
Yup, that's right.
Great! Bye!
What interests you?
Hey, is there something that I could help you with today?
EECS topics cutting edge is everything.
I can do that!
Anything else?
Please tell me the sort of advising you're looking for today.
You will have to finish eecs183, eecs280, eecs203, stats250 to declare computer science major
While I can't say with certainty, consulting the survey results about workload from EECS undergrduates may be of assistance. https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/
How do you feel about this class?
Today how are you doing?
My suggestion is the EECS 545 course for you.
I don't think it is a problem.
376 also is something I strongly suggest sophomores take.
Wonderful. I excel at that.
Please continue. That was great.
Because of your interests, I would suggest taking EECS 482 and EECS 492, but not in the same semester
Which section of Engineering 100 did you take?
55 students is the average class size
The EECS course is not easy but I believe you are capable.
Do you have an interest in Machine Learning?
Are you available on Monday and Wednesday?
I would recommend 545 as good for you based upon your expressed proclivities.
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript
What difficulty would you like the class to be?
These classes average 84 and 92 lecture sizes respectively and they have many different time slots so they fit your criteria.
EECS584 has a prerequisite class EECS484
The difficulty is 3.25.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 82:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
do you have any interest in EECS373 Design of Microprocessor Board Systems?
493 would be a lighter workload, if you want a balanced schedule
Oh, please forgive me.
I wish you luck next semester
regarding help, what kind do you want?
Choose one that sounds most interesting: microprocesser, computer architecture and logic circuit synthesis
Many people have the opinion that Databases (484) is a good general course which applies in many areas of CS.
EECS376 and EECS370 are also available for you to take.
Jobs for students are easy to find!
Okay. Take care and have a splendid day.
Do you find database interesting?
In previous terms, the class size for EECS 482 has been around 100 students.
You too
EECS370, EECS376 and others can be taken.
do you love theoretical computer science?
It has a value of 2.23 as its historical easiness rating.
Maybe take one or two of those and seem to some technical electives, like NA 260, since you have most, if not all, of your intellectual breadth dealt with
It depends on how fast of a programer you are. Most people take 2 EECS classes, but some people take 3 EECS classes if they like getting no sleep.
If taking eecs280 and eecs203 I would definitely not take any heay eecs or math classes
To access other courses you must first complete course EECS 281.
The helpfulness rating for this class is 3.92.
How can I help you?
How do you feel about classes in computer science.
Perfect, I would then recommend you to take 370 and 376 next semester, but you may prefer to hold off on taking 281 till the following semester.
Some good Capstone courses are EECS 441, EECS 467, EECS 481, and EECS 494.
I'm not sure that I can graduate in 3 years with a double major.
Hi, what can I do for you?
Its no problem, sounds good
Do you have any interest in A.I., have you considered learning more about it?
Hello Kescher, I would be happy to help you today or any day
EECS 484 is Database Management Systems and explores concepts and methods regarding large enterprise databases.
do you like circuitry
This add up to 12 credits of upper level cs
Next semester, would you like to take a math course as well?
For a computer science major, EECS281 is a must-take course.
Are "Computer Game Design and Development", "User Interface Development", "Software Engineering", or "Computer Network Security" interesting to you?
Do you want to take a heavy or light semester?
It looks like you've done EECS281, which means you can take most upper-level CS classes. My recommendations are EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, or EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
I see that you have completed EECS280. The next course in the sequence is EECS281.
Where is advising today?
Can I do anything else for you?
EECS445 is a very important course for AI.
Hello, what can I help you with?
I suggest your taking EECS 376 and EECS 281.
Do you have any other queries I can help with?
Another good ULCS class to start with is 492. It doesn't require much previous knowledge.
It is more common to try to take those in different semester.
At first glance this course seems simple, but it is harder than it looks.
It is possible to take EECS 203 at the same time EECS 183 is taken.
Hi, what can I do for you?
Why is that? Do you have a heavy course load next semester?
Martha Pollack is teaching 203 next semester.
I am here to assist you, what might you need assistance with?
You need EECS 281 as the gateway to take upper level classes.
A lot of people enjoy 494.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
6-8 hours outside class every week are recommended by me
Matt Terwilliger is really relaxed
EECS 486 and 484 are available for you to take if you want one
You need a technical elective for CE. I think a physics class would be good based on your schedule. Any 300 level physics class should complete your  technical requirement.
How do you feel today?
have a good day
I am here to assist you with your academic schedule.
i'd like you to take EECS470.
If you are fond of software development, the course would be very beneficial.
I think this class is suitable for you
If you are not averse to taking a difficult course. you can try EECS482 Intro to operating Systems
Is EECS280 a course you want to attend?
EECS183 was determined to have a very high rating of 4.15 in helpfulness.
The two classes work load is very strenuous.
I can recommend another moderate course.
It depends what your preferences are
No worries.
Fine. Do you want to learn about web systems?
Yes, as the requirement is being a senior and completion of eecs 281.
Hi, how can I help you today?
If you don't mind two EECS in one semester, you can take 370 with 281.
That’s something I enjoy
its not easy, but its not the hardest either. you have a light load so far, so I think its fine
No, multiple discussions are offered and you can come to any of them.
EECS 203 is an option.
Any other questions?
hello, how can i help you with?
The two other classes you might want to take are EECS 376 Foundations of CS, and EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms. The first is required, but they are both light classes.
Would you be into linear systems theory?
Sure. You should probably take EECS370 to help finish up your requirements.
Hey! How can I help you out today?
It looks like you still need to take a few required classes, EECS 376, 281, and 370.
It is a good intro to object oriented programming
Since EECS 376, EECS 370, and EECS 485 are upper level and the work load is big, EECS 183, and EECS 280 are introductory level  so the work load is not bad.
which starts at 15:00 and ends at 16:00
There are about 63.7 students in EECS481 on average, and 94.33 in EECS493.
Ok, you have a nice day!
I apologize but I'm an EECS advisor. Perhaps you should speak with an LSA advisor?
Some great Capstone courses are EECS 441, EECS 467, EECS 481, and EECS 494.
Greetings. How can I help you? I am the advisor for you.
Do you have a time preference?
Michael John Cafarella
Hey!
Not a problem. Can I answer any other questions?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 83:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.

C. options-for-next:
any queries?
You did a bunch of chemistry but not so much calculus, right?
I always enjoy talking to you, so it's not a problem at all.
Given your preferences, I would suggest EECS 481 for Software Development.
Are you also planning on taking 3 other non EECS classes along with EECS 370 and a ULCS course?
Yes, exactly right.
Unfortunately, I don't have information on the easiness level of this class.
Yes, take a seat please.
My pleasure! Goodbye!
The class size is 81 for EECS281.
Since you only need 8 more breadth credits, that's a good idea to get a course out of the way next semester.
If you want basis material for future courses, that class will provide you with a lot of basis material.
OK! I have a few recommendations. You could take EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, does that sound interesting to you?
Problem it is not.
Yes, identical to EECS281.
So I would suggest taking both of them.
Which interests you more, software or hardware?
I am happy this decision was easy for you.
any other questions?
Computer Engineering
EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor Based Systems is the course
Concepts such as tree searches and fundamental data structures are involved, and would build on to your knowledge.
EECS484 is much less difficult than EECS482.
Sounds great, EECS 281 fits into this and the classes are scheduled in the morning
how can I help you with today?
I notice that you have already taken many computer science classes.
are you positive you dont have any other questions?
Within computer science, is there any particular field you are interested in?
As long as you keep track of matrix sizes, Linear Algebra is simple.
What class size do you prefer?
How about Computer Hardware courses?
Starting at 10:30 am and with 128.5 class size, EECS485 is a morning class.
Attention all coders, this is the course for you!
Awesome! Take care!
Do you think that sounds good?
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.
No problem! Have a nice day ahead
this is about basic programming techniques and algorithm
Alright, which direction does your interest lie?
Is python of any interest to you?
It looks like you still need to complete EECS 376, three more ULCS classes, Stats 250, and an MDE.
For example, I suggest taking EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms, EECS 370 Computer Organization, or EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, next semester
Do you have a stronger interest in high or low level programming?
How can I assist you today?
Many students enjoy EECS 484. It is a moderate work load and an interesting class
I can see this information, what is your question?
Sure is!
Although engineering is tough, you should put the work in.
It is! If you enjoyed 492, this might be a good course to take next.
There are many courses being offered that fit what you are looking for.
Salutations everyone.
482 can be a very heavy load and so creates a very busy semester when paired with other EECS classes, but in general most students find it can be comfortably taken with humanities class.
Hello!
I think you should consider taking EECS 280 for your next semester.
My pleasure. Anything else I can help with?
What subjects are you interested in?
Do you find yourself preferring hardware or software-related courses?
The core classes EECS 281,370.376 are all ones you should take.
They would be defined as database management systems.
Your records show that you have already taken many EECS advanced courses.
Learning always includes more topics
You could look into a CS elective, as well
I apologize, I am the adviser for EECS classes only.
Hallo Varsha!
What specifics are you interested in?
Are you interested in programming?
If you enjoy backend, you might like this class.
I highly recommend taking 203 and 280 for upper level CS courses requirements.
It's not really a big one if you compare it to the other EECS class.
This depends on your personal feelings.
Are you planning on taking one of those classes next semester?
EECS370, EECS281 and EECS376.
Hello Student
Neither 376 nor 492 have as much basis in programming as some different EECS classes, so you should have no issues with deadlines for assignments.
I think you should sign up for EECS 281 and EECS 370 next semester.
EECS courses can be useful in many other study areas even if you don't want to major in EECS.
There are 81 students in EECS281.
Were EECS280 and EECS203 difficult to get through?
There are companies that require certain course before they will consider you for an internship.
Building new technology to assist students who may not be fully able, such as building a smart wheelchair for someone who can't walk.
CSE is a major that requires a lot of credits, so you will need to plan early enough if you want to double major or something
Machine Learning requirements were up to standard
It seems you've tried a lot of different types of courses.  What degree are you interested in pursuing?
There is seating for approximately 64 students.
How heavy or light do you expect your course load to be?
Hello, I can help, let's see.
I suggest that you take it
Do you have a time preference?
How have you been today?
Yes only those two are manageable. You could take another light class too, if a somewhat havier semester can be managed by you
I can help, tell me what subjects you want to look at.
EECS280 might be something you'd like to look at as well.
It shows you have already taken a lot of EECS classes
EESC376 is easier
Certainly! Anybody have any questions?
Hi! Do you need help?
Right, here is another one that I recommend.
Taking EECS 481, Software Engineering, with EECS 376 is an option
You're welcome!
EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms sections are held on Tuesday/Thursday, if that sounds interesting.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 84:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.

C. options-for-next:
I noticed your required EECS core computer science classes have been done.
Other questions you may have?
While there is a difference between math 214 and 217, they are both linear algebra. Math 217 deals with applied linear algebra and is known to be the harder of the two courses.
Good luck this semester.
EECS183 has a lot of similar concepts that will help if you later take EECS280.
What other questions do you have?
Are you well?
Most people normally either take 203 with 280 or before 280, but it won't be much of a problem for you if you're taking it after 280.
I apologize for my mistake.
Hi, how may I assist you today?
I see you are going to take Econ.
493 would be a lighter intensity, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
Taking that into consideration, I strongly suggest EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization
Signing up for EECS370 with EECS281 is a good choice.
What are you focusing on?
Unfortunately, no. This adds up to 12 credits of upper level CS classes and you need 16 to graduate. So in addition, you will have to take three upper level CS classes overall.
No worries.
Being that you are a  junior with a bunch ofelectives available I would recommend that you take EECS540, Applied Quantum Mechanics if you want to learn about atomic level physics.
The only difference is that EECS 492 is a bigger class. It has around 130 students, whereas 481 has around 60-70 students
No problem! you come back any time
Thank you very much, hope you have a good day.
you have taken plenty of courses.
Which are you more interested in, OS development or web development?
Is there a time of day that you prefer?
It is at a moderate level of difficulty.
The only upper level CS class you've taken is EECS 272, so if you want to graduate after this semester, you need to do all three. Keep in mind that you also need to take EECS 376 to graduate. If you do them all in the same semester, there will be a lot of work and programming involved.
Is a large class fine with you?
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.
Based on your interest in hardware, you should consider taking EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor-based Systems.
You have only taken one upper level CS course so far which is EECS 373, so if you do want to graduate after this semester, you have to take all three. Keep in mind that you still have not taken EECS 376, which, again, is required for graduation. If you are willing to take all of these classes in one semester, it will be a lot of work and a lot of programming with those classes combined.
1.91 is the easiness rate for 376.
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science or EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms seem to be like the courses that would make sense to take next and they deal with Software Infrastructure Applications
EECS 370 is another course you may be interested in.
Awesome. You're a great person. Did you need my help with anything else?
EECS 487 Computer Graphics can be interesting too. You can have an attempt of that
You have nothing to worry about.
I recommend you take Data Structures and Algorithms or EECS281.
You can not take EECS 281 until you take EECS 280 and EECS 203.
You can enroll when course registration opens, which is the usual time.
Programming and Intro to Data Structures is good because it'll give you a foundation in data you'll be working with throughout your career. It's got a helpfulness rating of 4.13 out of 5.
if you're into hardware, I think you'd enjoy Microcomputer stuff, even though it's more challenging than simple programming
Greetings Varsha!
Have you taken that many before?
As you're a sophomore in computer science that have not taken 280 and 203 yet, I'd suggest taking EECS280 and EECS203 along with another 4 to maybe 6 credits depending.
With your interests I think you should take EECS 183.
You have taken EECS376, EECS281, and EECS370.
How may I help you today!
What do you prefer, Math or Computer Programming?
Both of them are easier than 475.
Got it. EECS 281 starts at 10:30 in the morning, but you still may want to choose it over EECS 376.
Which specific EECS classes do you wish to take?
EECS 376 is less useful than EECS 370.
If math is not your strong suit, then I suggest you take EECS203.
What topics do you find interesting?
Have a great day!
In what way may I be of assistance to you now?
Awesome!
Because EECS 492 has an Easiness Rating of 3.08, and EECS 477, Intro to Algorithms, has an easiness rating of 2, EECS 4477 would be easier.
Which of these sound interesting: microprocesser, computer architecture and logic circuit synthesis
Here it focuses on advanced designs of logic circuits
Concepts and methods for the design, creation, query and management of large enterprise databases are introduced.
How many courses do you expect to take?
Do you need help with anything?
It can be difficult.  If you found EECS280 to be too difficult, this probably will be too.
Sounds great! look like you've already taken 281, 370 and 376, you have the prerequisites to take most of the classes you want!
Would you say you have a specific area of interest?
Hongkak Lee is the Professor
Great! It looks like 2 more upper level courses need to be taken by you.
Good afternoon, pupil!
Bertacco, Valeria
Which EECS courses did you like the most?
Do you have all the courses in mind or do you need more recommendations?
It's about how programs are run by computers and about the organization of a computer from a very low-level view.
you should choose something you want to do instead!
EECS203 is considered a fairly easy course.
Hey now, how are you doing today?
The two of them are less difficult than 475.
Is there any chance that you are changing from CSE to CS?
Any other questions?
What would you like to be advised on by me?
EECS 376 and EECS 370.
looks like you are on right track, credits wise!
What you have to say about your course selection for next semester?
I would suggest you to take EECS 183 in that case?
You can EECS 203 or 280, or both of them
For our course list would you prefer computer science?
Any other question?
you should be fine though!
129.1 is the class size.
Are large or small classes your preference?
How are you , can I help you?
Perfect, may I help you with any additional question?
You will need to have a 1.376 to graduate with a CS major
Yes, EECS 183 is a large class.
I find that you have to study EECS 484 to graduate.
Generally students have found this possible
You can now take a lot of upper level classes due to your eligibility.
Generally, it is not advised, but yes, you can.
If you are still interested in language courses, I'd suggest you take them in your junior or senior year.
Discrete Mathematics. Is covers probability, logic, functions, algorithms, intro combinatorics, graph theory, and discrete probability.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 85:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Can you reveal your preferences to me?

C. options-for-next:
Alright! You've been added to this class
It's about how algorithms for some nonnumeric problems are made.
The link to filing a petition is https://www.cse.umich.edu/eecs/graduate/cse/CSE.Petition.Request.Form.pdf
I would take EECS 376 since it is focused on theory, theory is very important for understanding computer science concepts.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
As a CSE major, you won't need to take EECS 183, since you already took ENG 100.
EECS 478 has a difficulty rating of 2.
How big is your preferred class?
Is your current major EECS?
Awesome! Next semester how many classes are you thinking about taking?
You'll find that nearly all EECS students end up taking EECS 183, 203 and 280.
The world's your oyster as far as electives go, so long as your other requirements are fulfilled.
370 might be helpful because the class involves finite state machines.
The difficulty level of this course is too high for a sophomore.
Hey, is there anything I can help you with?
It is Database Management Systems.
Can you reveal your preferences to me?
Is your freshman year going well so far?
Yeah, you can take EECS 492 Intro to Artificial Intelligence or EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems, which have comparatively larger class sizes.
EECS 496 is the ethics course you're talking about.
My suggestion is that you take 370 and 376 next semester, and take 281 later.
Since you enjoy math and discrete mathematics I would advise your enrolling in EECS 203
Depending on if you are good at math, 203 and 250 will be easy for you.
That class isn't too hard and the Professor Kieras is supposed to be pretty helpful.
It's a 4 credit course, the earlier one had 3 credits. This one has the discussion session.
What questions can I answer for you?
There are currently around 55 students in the class.
Any more questions?
My pleasure. Thank you also!
Sure thing! Please let me know if there's anything else I can do for you.
Perhaps, it depends.
If you want a clear professor, try EECS 494, EECS 381, and EECS 481, and avoid EECS 478 and EECS 441
A more theoretical class, EECS deals with mathematical foundations of computer science, deals with proofs and is a prerequisite for only a few other classes
Okay. Let me review your background.
Take EECS 183. It is better than the EECS 280 and the EECS 203.
You could take EECS 370 which is Introduction to Computer Organization
My recommendation would be smaller classrooms, because they are more hands on.
My recommendation is Physics 240 and an intellectual breadth class of your choosing so that you can continue on track.
Suggestions:  EECS 183.
anything else?
If you're looking at something with more of a moderate difficulty, you should take 478.
I see you have wholetaken a lot of courses not specifically for an EECS major., so are you minoring in anything?
Tell me what you're interested in.
Have you an interest in computer club?
The class size is 129.1.
While as an full-time undergraduate student, you are required to take 12 credits at least for one semester.
Hello, please let me know how I can assist you.
Which specific fields within computer science are you interested in?
I recommend EECS 281 for juniors like you.
Anytime! See you later!
Do you think you can handle another EECS course, or would you like to try a non-technical course along with this schedule?
and Thank you
You can start thinking about it when you are in your junior year.
This course is about theory and application of matrix methods to machine learning, data analysis and signal processing.
Let us know if there is anything else you need help with and thank you for coming in.
Of the classes, several are related.
A computer science class?
How much work do you think there will be?
I know you'll use SQL in 484, I don't know what programming language 494 requires.
How many courses would you like to take?
You would have to take EECS 281 and also 2 upper level CS classes
Hello
Because of your background, you can take a math course
Together, 203 and 280 generally pair up well
Easiness score of 3.67
Thanks, byebye
I am uncertain. Could you discover such schedule content through the use of a computer?
Instead, Web development
Typically, but no promises.
Is that because your course load looks pretty heavy next semester?
I must warn you, 482 is an incredibly difficult class, there is a lot of work involved.
Have a nice day.
Great! Most of the student follow up that course with EECS 280
However, doing 270 before 370 will make 370 much less difficult.
Have fun during your last semester.
Freely ask if you have more questions.
Another more focused class is EECS 547, which explores the field of Electronic Commerce
I think based on your previous courses, I would recommend you take EECS 280 or EECS 183
What about taking the foundation of computer science?
Sure thing. Have a great day!
neat class
What types of courses have you enjoyed in the past?
Taking those two classes together has a difficulty rating of 2+.
An introductory course that you might want to take is EECS 482.
You should definitely consider EECS 376, it will fulfill your requirements and set you up for future classes in Intelligent Systems.
The topics are you interested in, is what kind?
It is 2.59 out of a possible 5.
It's rating of easiness is 3.24.
How can I help you with advice?
I recommend you take EECS203 Discrete Math.
Based on what you like when it comes to class size, I think EECS 183 would be a good choice.
Thank You
In ENGR100, what grade did you receive?
It's a 4 credit crouse, the previous one is 3 credit. And this one has discussion session
How can I help you today?
3.24 is this classe's easiness rating.
No, EECS280 is a pre-requisite for EECS281, along with EECS203. You will have to do both of those courses to take EECS28
Please return if you need any more help.
It's got a workload of 2.5. If you had no problem with EECS281 then you'll be fine with this one.
Is there anything else anyone would like to ask?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 86:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.

C. options-for-next:
I think EECS482 is more useful for you!
Even though there are generally many sections of each, so you should be able to pick one that suitable for you.
You may also look at Software Engineering - EECS481
Apologies but I am an EECS advisor. You should probably talk with the LSA advisor.
How can I be of your assistance?
Yup, it's not too heavy on code.
EECS 203 is perfect  for you given your interest in discrete math and math in general.
I was good intro object
As far as your interests, what topics or fields come to mind?
i woul recommend taking EECS280 after looking at your coursework
Does EECS 545 Machine Learning sound interesting?
I notice that you are missing three required course for the major despite your senior standing in computer science.
In order to declare a major you must complete finish eecs183, eecs280, eecs203, and stats250.
And also you, goodbye!
I am not known with those classes
For you, I would also suggest "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" and "Discrete Math".
If one wants to learn web dev, EECS 485 is a great class. It goes over a lot of the basics and you make web apps with flask.
Mark Brehob teaches 373. Students think he's very helpful and very clear.
Great! Then EECS 485 might be just the thing that you're looking for.
EECS484 is offered in the daytime at 9am. The maximum seats is 129.1.
Oh yeah. Take it then if you are interested. Let me see anything else I can find......
Are there any questions that you may have?
The class is about 50 students, it is small.
software dev
This class is typically small, with an average enrollment of 12.
It is definitely a good amount of work, but you will be able to handle it.
EECS 475, Intro to Cryptography is an option. You will learn how to create secure software and communication systems.
larger classes taking Are you ok with
If you choose these two courses, I would also suggest you to take some other computer science courses.
Can I help you with something?
280 is a morning class.
If you are interested in some practical software development courses, there is a course for Computer Game Design and Development EECS494 or you could try Mobil App Development for Entrepreneurs EECS441.  I have noticed you previously took some courses in programming and database applications.
You must first complete your prerequisites
How can I be of assistance today?
Ok Bye! Bye!
If you are looking to take a big class try tot ake 281.
If the course load is too much, I would suggest you drop EECS280.
OK, what topics are you interested in?
Hi! What may I help you with today?
Hello, what is up?
How are you doing?
EECS 441 Mobile App development or EECS 494 Game development are my suggestions.
It might be a good time next semester.
There are many project based courses, EECS 381 or EECS 482 is recommended by me. They are project based and very informative.
Do you want to have a heavy or light workload next semester?
You're very welcome.
Awesome! I hope this has been helpful.
But you need to take EECS 280 before you can take EECS 281
Alright, any other questions?
Enjoy yourself from dawn to dusk.
The classwork is not overloaded and there are about  100 students in the class
Is that class fairly easy?
Is gaming of interest to you?
What types of computer science classes pique your interest the most?
Hi there! How can I assist you?
In general 280 is harder than the other class.
How can I assist you?
Design of Microprocessor Based System
Is there anything else you'd like my assistance for?
What can I help you with today?
Is that ok for you?
If you want to take those two courses together, you should consider taking a lighter course as well.
3.24 is the easiness score of 370 and 1.91 of 376.
Computer Science is  very tough but it is well worth it ! You talked of money before , well research shows that Computer Science major have a starting salary of over $100,000 per year. If you think you can't keep up , there are many people you can talk about time management skills and dealing with stress.
It might be difficult if you take both of these classes
This class is about introduction to mathematical foundations for computer science.
You could choose EECS 183, which is not as difficult as EECS 280 and EECS 203.
Hello. How can I help you?
You have yet to do some intellectual breadth courses, as well as Chem 211.
I would also recommend taking EECS 482
how did you find EECS 203, easy or difficult?
You are very welcome!
This course is good for people who like developing software.
Awesome! Appreciate you coming!
Ok, see you around!
The next courses you should be taking are EECS376, EECS281, and EECS478, based on what you've taken so far.
If PC hardware is your thing, you could take EECS 470, EECS 478, or EECS 373.
What are you interested in?
You can wait to take the latter course until you are beyond sophomore as it is more challenging.
Have you been to EECS381
It was nothing I was glad to do it. Goodbye
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.
It might be more difficult to take 280 before 203 because you'll learn a lot of useful information that will help you understand the material in 280.
What can I do for you today?
Which topic is on your mind?
EECS 281 will be the most important one for you because you didn't take it already.
I failed to acknowledge that.
Each of the two have a heavy work load.
There's a special topics class that sounds exciting!
I believe that you have successfully completed the prerequisite.
What would you like to major in?
Sure, go on
It is very common to be asked in interviews  about Algorithm.
If you plan on taking eecs280, it's a good idea to have some base programming skill
Straight to ricks 2017
Many pupils find 370 very interesting because it involves hardware
Are you thinking of taking 482 or 484?
EECS280 was a class I really enjoyed though.
And you also meet the prerequisite.
Based on the courses you have taken before, you should take: EECS376, EECS281, EECS478

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 87:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 is a course you need to take for a lot of computer science courses including game design.

C. options-for-next:
What ever it is in addition you need to know, please go ahead and ask and I can help you understand.
Cool! Hope you got something from this
Take both as soon as possible if you are a sophomore to take the EECS 281.
You should go to their advising offices=
Great, go on.
Going by your records, I would recommend EECS49 OR EECS485.
The decision that has to be made here depends on how curious you are on AI and Mathematics
Reetuparna Das
Have a good day!
Do you enjoy circuits?
Do you want to take another course?
These classes alongside Chinese and Chemistry classes may be a heavier load. Consult the syllabus or professors of the classes for specfics on workload
Hello.
I am happy to be of service!
The average is 81.4 students.
It's a moderately hard class
You can see this, right?
I am happy to hear that.
Great! Most of the student follow up that course with EECS 280
Have a good day!
That's great, is there anything else you need?
In a way, it is hard for some people.  It is similar to EECS280, so if you didn't do well in that class I wouldn't recommend it.
Do you enjoy Engineering 101?
It should be what regular 3-credit classes demands
you can take the 300 series classes in  EECS after taking these two classes
Both classes have a moderate workload, so you could take both at once.
Based on your interests, I suggest you to take EECS 481 and EECS 492.
I'm good.  How can I assist you?
Are there any more questions?
Holly Christine Sipek teaches EECS 280 in a pretty clear and helpful manner.
I happened to notice that EECS 281 isn't on your course completion list.
You have the prerequisite, EECS 281, and with your interest in database, why don't you take EECS 484?
Maybe something more broad, such as EECS 280 or EECS 183?
EECS 381 is helpful and has good clarity.
EECS203 discrete math, for example, is a great start point
441 might be a good choice if you are interested in an android app
That will weigh a lot.
You're welcome.
I'd advise you to take EECS485.
281 is good to do next. It's easiness level is 2.53.
Most desired majors will profit from enrolling in this class.
It's a 4 credit course.
Can I be of any further assistance?
Is EECS477 Introduction to Algorithms recommended?
Professor Lee's class was very good when I took it.
While there is a difference between math 214 and 217, they are both linear algebra. Math 217 is applied linear algebra and considered to be the harder of the two courses.
You can go ahead and take all three  if you think you can handle the workload.
Can you manage the workload for the courses you have taken?
if you have any more question, let me know.
Do you think you would like that?
For sure!
EECS 482 is a class that I would recommend you take.
Which classes of EECS have you taken?
485 is a course about web development. It mainly uses Python.
Eecs 280 is a course you need to take for a lot of computer science courses including game design.
How much experience do you have with 270 and 215?
the lowest easiness course has a rating of 2.17 and is found hard by many students
How interested are you in Artificial Intelligence?
Are you comfortable with a small class size?
Certainly, what exact questions do you have?
I can help with that.
I think you are able to do well.
It appears that you need to take a few upper level CS courses in order to be able to graduate.
So in terms of opening up other classes, it is a good idea to complete it
The workload of EECS481 is less than the courses you've already taken, the other choices have a higher workload.
Morning! What can I do for you?
That sounds like a wonderful decision!
Sadly this term, it is only M/W.
I suggest EECS 441 based on your preferences.
You will need to take at least 4 upper level classes
You have a lot of programming experience from your software-oriented classes, so I would not think you'd find this class code-heavy.
Generally, it's taken during one of the final two semesters, so I'd hold off on it for now.
Are you looking for fun related courses or courses to complete your requirement?
I recommend taking EECS485.
Yeah, EECS 482 will be fine to take next semester.
EECS 281 is similar to EECS 280, which you have already taken, and EECS 370 seems to be like the next class up
My opinion is that you should enroll in EECS203 and EECS280 during one semester and then take the more advanced next level course EECSS376
How many classes do you want to take?
You're welcome.
Is computer science a subject that interests you?
EECS 376 is an easier class so I would suggest taking it with harder classes like EECS 482 or 381. I definitely suggest 370 because you need it for upper levels like 381 or 482.
Correct, 280 is a early class.
Okay, have a great day!
Hello there!
Would you be interested in taking EECS376, foundations of computer science?
You must take EECS if you intend to do a computer science major.
Hello, I'm able to help you with that!
281 is so much work that not many people take more than one other EECS with it.
Are you interested in mobile app development?
For you, the most important one will be EECS 281 because you haven't taken it yet.
Even if you find it difficult at first it gets better after mid-term.
Does the development of mobile applications interest you?
You must complete the other pre-req's first unless that is what interests you.
It seems you will need to take some upper level CS classes to graduate.
You will really get more out of this class than any of the other EECS courses.
Today, do you require any assistance from me?
That's great. You are awesome. Can I be of any other help to you?
Most people usually either take 203 with 280 or before 280, but it won't be much of a problem for you if you're taking it after 280.
Because EECS 280 and EECS 203 are the only ones you took, EECS 281, 370 or 376 are your only choices for the semester.
What are the courses that you like right now?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 88:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
let me check, ill look over your transcript.

C. options-for-next:
I would suggest based on your interest to take EECS 482 and also EECS 492 but just not in the same semester
Choose a math class that appeals to you.
Is there anything else?
Are you interested in mobile apps?
Though I think you could manage any of the options
EECS 203 is a good class you can take with 280
Hi!
Any more questions?
you could take 381 and 376 together.
Based on your background, I would recommend taking EECS 470.
Hello, did you receive this communication?
Any other questions for me?
Which topics are interesting to you?
What is the topic that you are interested in?
You sure can take EECS 482 next semester
Do you have any other concerns or questions?
If you want to have more choices for the following semester, you can do both at the same time.
If you do consider EECS 478, I would not recommend another hardware-based course
What classes are you thinking of taking?
The course about advanced database systems is called 584
Do you desire to learn more about compilers?
Based on your info, I would advise taking EECS 492
Hello, student. How can I help you  today?
How may I assist?
That sounds good.
Hi Max! Can I help you with something?
If you want, find out more information about EECS280
I would suggest a Discrete Math course like EECS203.
I don't recommend taking more than one other EECS class along with 281.
In what way may I be of assistance to you now?
Its workload is lighter.
No need to mention it.
The easiest EECS class you can take next semester is 183, Elementary Programming Concept.
The easiest of those classes is EECS 481.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
You are welcome!
Are you here for the course selection advising?
So I would suggest you to take 280 given your requirement.
Hi
Hi! What can I help you with today?
Which kinds of classes would pique your interest?
There are about 125 students
You are also missing your MDE, which is another 8 or so credits that you need to graduate.
It's nothing.
Based on your interests, you'll enjoy EECS 388 with EECS 485
It's been my pleasure, goodbye!
No problem! Please let me know if you have any other questions.
Have you taken the class EECS281?
Sure thing young man. Always willing to assist!
EECS 281 and EECS 203 are prerequisites for many other EECS classes, so I suggest you take them as soon as possible.
Yes it is. EECS 203 is required for several upper level CS courses.
I'm glad I could help!
The clarity rating for the course is 2.69.
Ok.  I hope this gave you a good idea of where to go from here.
This will be no problem.
All of us are welcome.
Actually,  EECS370  is just as difficult as EECS280
How can I help you?
This class has nearly 100 students and is offered in the afternoon.
I does not require EECS 281 as a prerequisite.
It is a harder class, however since you are only a junior and have finished all your requirement you can take it with a lighter course load
It is my pleasure that I was able to help. Bye
As a freshmen, I would suggest you start with EECS183
You should take eecs477 if that’s what your interest is
Sorry to tell you, you also have to techcomm and EECS 496 with your MDE.
Before more upper level courses you could take EECS 370.
Okay, which is important to you? Time, caliber, professor?
Does anyone have any other questions?
OK, then I would advise you to take EECS 280
EECS 376 has about 100 students
Sure thing. Have a great day!
The times for these classes have not yet been determined.
Are you looking for classes within you major?
I thought you were interested in math classes?
It looks like you've taken three upper electives, meaning you only need one more.
You may take 482, 484, 487, 481,485,477, 483, 493, or 441.
Yes
All of the classes are about 3 out of 5 on the scale of easiness.
I would recommend taking 376 if you struggled with EECS 203.
I would like to tell you that I am sorry because you feel that way.
Yes, you can take those courses
Good-bye!
It's in the afternoon.
If you're looking for computer architecture or low-level subjects your best bet is taking 370.
that class has a lot of material that will help you in the future courses
there are two core classes you can take next semester: EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms, and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization, though I don't have information on the course start and end time yet
Here are a few of the things you will be learning about in this course: concepts and methods about creating video games, including the history of games, animations, sprites, and game design.
Yeah. I would recommend that you try and take EECS 281 and EECS 376 together.
Great! You do not quite have all of your courses completed.
That sounds like you'd be interested in a computer science major!
What interests you in terms of classes?
I strongly recommend you take EECS 281 based on your condition.
I'm great! How may I assist you today?
Hey there! What can I do for you today!
eecs 280 and eecs 203 are alot harder then eecs 183.
let me check, ill look over your transcript.
I see that you have taken EECS281.  What field of CS is appealing to you?
A great start for instance is EECS203.
I suggest that sophomores take EECS281 and EECS370 as soon as possible.
Given that you have just completed ENGR 101, the next courses you should take are EECS 280 and EECS 203

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 89:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
Since you are a senior standing, you are eligible to register for the course.
Given your history, it should be easy for you.
Great! Is there anything else you need?
Easiness rating of 2.53
EECS482 Introduction to Operating Systems is something you should consider.
Seniors entering the job market should look into EECS482 - Introduction to Operating Systems since it teaches what would be tested in that area for interviews.
I be thinking it is at least as hard as physics 240 which you were in last semester.
EECS 376 could be an excellent course if you want to develop more knowledge of the inner workings of a computer.
I see you have taken both ENGR 101 and calculus courses.
It is possible to try for it.
This is the advanced logic circuits course.
Hello!
How else could I help you out?
Titled is EECS
Might I suggest, based on what you’ve said, your taking EECS 281 and EE 370.
Are you interested in mobile app development?
Welcome!
I take the EECS 280
Does that work for you?
Around 120 is the class size, on average.
Eecs183's record shows that eecs203 will be a good choice.
What subjects interest you?
With regards to courses, what help are you looking for?
With what can I help you today?
Does that sound fun to you?
A perfect match for you would be EECS.
As your MDE  you can also take 473 enjoy it if you
Engineering math is what they love.
What, if any, concerns do you have?
It consists of the introduction of concepts and methods for design, creation, query and management of large enterprise databases.
sorry
It has an easiness rating of 2.17, so it seems to be relatively tough.
The instructor is Seth Pettie.
There aren't any times yet for next semester's classes.
Can I help you today?
You should take EECS 281 and EECS 203 as soon as you can since they are required for lots of other EECS courses.
Have you given any thought to what field you want to work in?
Actually, it's EECS 281 not EECS 271 like I told you.
Is machine learning something you are interested in?
Sure. Let me take a look at your background.
Do you have a specific area in which you're interested?
I suggest you prioritize classes that count towards your major, and only take extra classes if there is an opening in your schedule
You are more than welcome. The door of advising is always open for you.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
EECS376 is not the most popular course, so if you didn't like it that's understandable
Hi AJ, what can I help you with today?
That is correct. CS majors are able to take advantage of multiple resources unavailable to alternative majors
EECS 376 is very similar to EECS 203 and can be considered a follow up course
484 may be good choice to take as well, If you are interested in 482,
Your the one that's awesome not me!
The only math course available is EECS 203
I believe you can take EECS381 as well as EECS485.
Which courses in particular did you have in mind?
Hello Kescher, I would be happy to help you today
How are you, weilun?
Which major interests you?
Well I hope you have a great day then.
With your specific course load I would recommend adding EECS 470.
Then you can choose between EECS 494 or EECS 493 as your backup. Which one do you like?
That is right  EECS484 Database Management Systems or EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development are both options
Take a look at EECS475.
EECS484 is a lot easier than EECS482.
Okay I have you enrolled for both of those courses.
Alright. Any other questions?
Yep! Perhaps think about EECS 494.
In the math department here we only have graduate level courses, you are able to take some.
taking EECS 281 is recommended
Awesome. What are you questions?
Anything else I can assist you with?
Not a problem.
In the EECS section EECS 203 is the only class that you need to take next semester.
Hi, what could I help you with?
It also helps to complete your graduate requirements
EECS 280 and 203 go together well in the same semester.
EECS183 is an option to you if you liked ENGR151
You'll be able to declare after you take EECS 203
Then EECS280 would be highly recommended for you.
You have taken Logic design and electronic circuits courses which taught the subjects of electronics and logic circuits.
This course is pre-request for future course, such as EECS 484, EECS 485.
based on past feedback the clarity rating is 3.77
I reccoment EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts for you.
I don't think that would be effective because you will not be able to balance time between those three classe
You have 6 so you need 2 more ULCS credits to graduate. Are you really wanting to take more than 2 EECS courses?
Hello, is there anything I can do to assist you?
Its workload is lighter.
According to me you have switched majors early enough that you will graduate on time without any issue.
Of the available classes, are there any that you would want to take?
You still have time. EECS 475 is available if you would like it.
I urge you to learn EECS 482.
How is today going for you?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you want to signup EECS 270, that can be a recommendation. It doesn't count as CS elective course, but it is a prerequisite for EECS 470
Having only taken ENGR101, I don't think it is possible.
EECS 280 is much larger (around 167 every year), 203 is much smaller
Hello, how can I help you Kangxu?
How can I help you with advice?
Have you considered EECS482  Introduction to Operating Systems?
It looks like you've already completed 281, then you are already qualified to take many of the upper level courses.
Hi. How is your day going?
Are you feeling 280 difficult?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 90:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable

C. options-for-next:
What is there for me to help you with, today?
Is there something in your head?
A lot of concepts from EECS183 are in EECS280 as well.
As you are graduating soon, you need a few more Eecs classes. How about 484? It's a database class.
EECS 281: Data Structures and Algorithms would be my suggestions for a class you should take.
EECS 478 has a difficulty rating of 2.
The design of algorithms for some problems without numbers is what it talks about.
Neither one should be bad.
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable
According to your info, I suggest you take that one.
What do you need help with regarding the courses?
Students have little difficulty with the course.
The class size is larger, as it is a required class.
You have 30 credits already, but you need an additional 12 next semester.
376 is required to graduate.
By the end of this course you will have learned principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing.
You can enroll in EECS 203 and EECS 183 together.
I suggest you take EECS281 data structures and algorithms based on your background.
To fulfill your requirements, I strongly suggest you take the EECS classes.
Are you interested in Linguistics courses?
Were there any other subjects you enjoyed?
Have an awesome day!
Great. Are you more inclined towards hardware or software?
You will probably find the same for 281.
If you want some more math-heavy courses, then I suggest Intro to Algorithms and Matrix Methods.
What are are you looking to take classes in?
I see that you've already done ENGR 151, so you're off to a good start.
370 has a moderate work load so it is doable. It is a project based course but similar workload to 280
You don't have your MDE requirement covered. I don't think you can graduate right away.
It goes with your background.
Hello, I am Professor Shen.
In addition to that, the class does not have labs.
goodbye
Nice! Is web development an interest of yours?
Hey! How may I advise you?
Let me contemplate it.
That course is rated 3 in terms of easiness.
No, it has around 50 students.
These courses involve a lot of longer projects so it is important you keep up with your work
You will be able to take EECS electives, which could be some computer hardware courses, after taking 281.
Do you ahve any interest in taking any more EECS courses?
Another easy course is 441.
Would you prefer a class that you are in charge or that is structured?
It is more entertaining then 485 and 482. I think a course about video games will suit you perfect.
however to catch up, you can consider taking summer courses
Yes it is. EECS 203 is necessary for many upper level CS courses.
If you want a smaller workload, you can take only EECS 370 next semester and take your electives senior year.
You have quite a few options in courses to select from. What can I do for you?
In fact, it is a web development course!
Hi. How may I assist you today?
A big class is EECS484.
493 would be less work, if you are worried about having a balanced schedule.
Based on what I can see here, I would suggest that you take EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms
Hi, can I offer you some assistance today?
How deep in the knowledge base of EECS482 do you think we need to know to have a successful job interview?
Sure.
Okay, sounds good. Did you have any other thoughts or concerns?
Fundamental concepts of AI is what Introduction to Artificial Intelligence talks about.
That's fine. Have a good day!
Are you wanting to take more EECS courses?
Anything else you need to know?
You’re welcome
I want to see.
but it is quite helpful according to the feedback
This course is strictly about interactive computer graphics
That is wonderful!  Might you be interested in elementary CS courses or in advanced course?
Yes, I'm glad to help.
Yes, taking 373 would be a good idea.
Hello, student.
EECS 280 and 203 are some available classes that you can sign up for next semester.
482 operating systems might also peak your interest.
To me, it seems that you have taken many EECS advanced courses already
I'd therefore advocate that you take an EECS course.
EECS 493 is an option that you could take.
Interesting, you've taken EECS477.
Interesting! Go on!
Have a great day.
Not a problem!
280 would be my suggestion for you to take if you are not sure about specific fields.
This course scores 3.92 in helpfulness
How you doing today?
Can I help you with anything today?
Did you like 370? If so EECS 470 is an option that starts at 3 in the afternoon is about  computer architecture.  If you like 370 then this would be good to go further with that material.
That is great because that is what I am good at.
What year are you?
Are there any questions that you might have?
Then I highly suggest EECS 388, EECS 484 and EECS 482.
I suggest you take EECS485.
Of course! No issues!
You are welcome
You'll do fine in this class, as you've already taken Math 214 and 216.
hello
Alright, any other questions?
A class size of 99.6 is how big EECS482 is.
In that scenario, I recommend taking EECS 484: Database Management Systems next semester.
this is a fancy class
EECS381 could be a good fit for Software Develpment.
Hi! How can I help you today?
3.24 is the easiness score of 370 and 1.91 of 376.
What can I do to help you today?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 91:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.

C. options-for-next:
It worths 3 credit
I suggest first signing up for these
Hello Kangxu, how can I help you
I have three courses in mind based on your interests.
My pleasure.
What topics are you interest in?
I hear it is very interesting.
When I look at my records it says that you already took Chem 130 in Fall 2007.
What do you prefer as far as courses: ones that help you more or less?
It does have a section for discussion.
I hope your class isn't too difficult.
The class is designed to make you like programming and getting to know people, it shouldn't be too difficult.
There's an Introduction to Cryptography course you could take called EECS 475.
There is a class that I would suggest for you, it is EECS 484. The class is one that focuses on databases and database management.
Hi, how's it going
Do you have a preference, operating system or database management?
In EECS 482 one will learn how to build complex software systems.
i woul recommend taking EECS280 after looking at your coursework
Hello
I'm glad you found it helpful.
You're welcome.
A difficult class to take you would like?
Then there are many options available to you.
Any other questions for me?
Right you are.
How many EECS classes are you looking to take?
It looks like since you are a freshman and new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
They usually could EECS 281 with EECS 370 or EECS 376.
I highly recommend taking 203 and 280 for upper level CS courses requirements.
What sort of help do you need?
You need to sign up for Chemistry 211 along with some intellectual breadth courses.
I suggest you take EECS 370 since it is a requirement for graduation.
Is software development your only interest?
On Monday and Wednesday it goes from 3PM to 4:30PM.
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.
Alright. Goodbye!
Do you have an interest in computer organization?
EECS 376 is my suggestion for easier workload
2. 376, 370, and 281
This is dependant on your own preference.
prof is always upper levels
If you're interested in similar topics, EECS 492 has plenty on them
If I were you, I would take this course next semester.
EECS485, Web Database and Information Systems are some ULCS electives that might interest you.
If you want something a little more heavier on your semester, consider taking another lighter course.
Hi, I'm great, thanks, and yourself?
That might be a good choice for you.
As the first programming course, it is what most computer science majors will take.
In 482 you study many topics important for operating system design and implementations. You learn multi-tasking; concurrency and synchronization; inter-process communication; deadlock; scheduling; resource allocation; memory and storage management; input-output; file systems; protection and security.
It's close to 71.
EECS376 really needs background that is taught in EECS280.
You should talk to the general engineering advisor so that you can find out about how you can stay a full time student by taking other courses.
Could you please give me your background details before I provide you with advice?
EECS 370 is a simple class, and 484 is also doable too, but if you do not enjoy mathematics or had hard times in EECS 203, you may have to put efforts for EECS 376.
The Computer Vision class is EECS442 and the Introduction to Operating Systems is EECS482.
Based on your background EECS376 would be your best option.
Typically, 280 is much harder than the other.
In order to graduate with a CS major, 37 is required.
Well, EECS 370 covers computer organization. It's a prerequisite for a lot of courses on that topic, like EECS 482, which is pretty popular.
What is interesting to you?
Oh you're welcome
OK, have a fine day! Bye!
You are interested in what?
Are all your questions answered?
I do recommend taking that class if you're interested in algorithms, but it's always better to do when you've gained more experience.
281 and 370 are the roads to take.
You have to take the pre major course EECS 203 Discrete Math.
This would be a natural course to take if you enjoyed 492
Can I take another eecs class before EECS 203?
EECS484 and EECS485 are available to take.
Software Engineering - EECS481 is another option.
Times have not been finalized at this time.
The upper level eecs course requires a 281.
So far you've only done one upper level CS class. That was EECS 475. You still need three more upper level CS classes and one MDE.
EECS 281 is usually considered to be of moderate difficulty
Think about taking EECS 280 next time.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
Greetings, Chong. How may I assist you?
EECS 183 may also be a nice class to take.
I think you should be alright.
I don't think it is a problem.
You're welcome, I hope I answered everything.
What's your question on CS
Do you need help with something today?
EECS 281 is the pre-req course for all higher level classes
I am here to give advice. Is there something I can assist you with?
Anything I can assist you with today?
For what did you come to advising
Would you want a lab session included in the class?
Good-bye!
The class is called Machine Learning.
You need 3 upper level CS classes because this is only 12 upper level credits whereas graduation requires 16.
TakeEECS203 and EECS280 if you major in CS
Students have been known to find this very easy to do.
What would you think about studying natural language processing?
good! How are you doing?
It is called Elementary Programming Concepts.
To fulfill a prerequisite?
Is that all?
Hello! How can I be of help today?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 92:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Can your preferences be told to me by you.

C. options-for-next:
How can I be of assistance today?
If you want an easy class take Introduction to Cryptography.
According to the data, this is one of the classes that will be helpful to you.
Sure, join the class.
Wow tell me more! What is your major?
According to your background, I recommend you to take one of these EECS 470: Computer Architecture and EECS 478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization FA 2011
Any other thing you are particular about?
As it opens up a lot of course options sooner.
The EECS183 acronym means Elementary Programming Concepts.
Are there classes that interest you?
I would suggest you take EECS370, ACCORDING TO YOUR PREFERENCE
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Professor Strauss is one who helps moderately
Hi, can I help you with anything today?
Between EECS 281 and EECS 370, EECS 281 people tend to rate 281 more intense
Great. I believe you can take EECS 485. I can try it first to see how it is.
Around 55 students are usually taking the class.
Yea Sure, no problem!
EECS 481 is possible if you want to take MDE.
They're all pretty challenging but 370 is probably the easiest of that group.
So you are mainly interested in hardware?
How can I be of service to you at this moment?
Are that many taken by you before?
The class size is normally around 167 students.
Welcome
A large number of algorithms along with essential programming concept are covered in that course.
It is happening in the afternoon.
As far as your preferences, what is the difficulty range?
CS majors must complete EECS 183, EECS 280, and EECS 281. You should do 281 next since you've completed 183 and 280 already.
EECS 370 could be taken before you take more upper level courses.
Since you've taken the 484 database course, I am assuming you've data systems under your belt.
Professor of Cryptography is Kevin Fu who has great clarity and helpful rating.
It looks like you've taken some hard courses. I think you can take EECS 376 with one other upper level CS class.
Based on your class size preference, I recommend that you take that.
Taking 370 with 281 would be the better option because 376 is rated as more difficult than 370.
Next semester, I really think you should take this course.
Each is a large class.
Do you have an interest in a particular area, or do you want to knock out the requirements for your major?
Do you have any interest in databases?
The teacher for EECS 481 next semester is David R Chesney.
Based on what I see here, I suggest you take EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms
Which class are you a part of?
Okay. Let me review your background.
I'm proud of having good grades.
That is Correct
It would be important to take EECS 281 if you want to take more advanced EECS courses
He's a good lecturer.
Sounds nice. You can take EECS475, which is Intro To Cryptography.
Are there any more questions?
Would you like more information?
How are you doing?
If I were you, I would take EECS281 and EECS370 next semester.
Have a good day!
Computer science, how about it?
Both math 214 and 217 are linear algebra, 217 is the more challenging of the two.
You're so welcome
EECS 183 is the only other light EECS class I could suggest right now.
Good, you will have a great semester hopefully.
I suggest EECS 280 and EECS 203.
Test covering Object Oriented and Advanced Programming
You can take a more general core class, like EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, to get even more ideas of what topics interests you.
There are no classes that you can take in Software Dev right now.
Do you have any more questions?
About how many total students do you prefer to be in your class?
No problem!
Are you interested in a major in CS?
What area of computer science are you interested in?
Accomplishing success is achievable.
Choose between computer software or hardware.
Tanvir, how are you?
No problem. Sure.
The different between 376 and 370 is 376 deals with computation theory and 370 is about the computer and operating system.
You could take a difficult combination of EECS370, EECS376, and EECS281 if you really feel like working like crazy. It's a quite difficult combination, though.
I would recommend you drop one for them
where do u want to explore
Alright, any more questions?
Oh, ok, yea if you're interested take it, and I'll see what else I can find.
Yep, it's a big class.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hi, I'm doing fine. How about you?
And did you like them?
EECS 441 would be the class to take if you are interested in mobile development
3 credits is what it's worth
Is everything ok?
EECS373 is a recommended course for those interested in computer hardware.
Are more CS upper level credits something you need more of?
Bye Varsha!
You seem to be preparing for engineering.
I recommend you taking EECS484, since you've already taken 281.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
EECS 492 Introduction to AI would be good for you based on your interests.
Just to make certain, you've taken EECS 203, 280, and 281?
Perhaps the class EECS 280 or EECS 183 since it's more broad.
In the meantime, it would help you to take STATS250 or MATH214.
Are you interested in database systems?
Do you know the requirements for next semester?
EECS280 and EECS 203 are commonly done together. It'll be a heavy, but manageable workload.
A hard class is EECS 281.  It's a 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey but it's not overwhelming.
These two courses are not difficult.
Hi there! Can I help you with anything today?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 93:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.

C. options-for-next:
Hi, how are you doing?
Awesome!!.  If you saw wesstorld, I would suggest taking EECS 492 to learn about AI
No problem! Have a nice day ahead
First name Michael, Middle name John, Last of Cafarella
Computer Science, you like?
What if you take EECS 203?
I hope your final semester goes well!
It is my suggestion that you take EECS281 which has an Easiness Rating of 2.53.
It has yet to be set.
Taking EECS281 can open doors for you. Do you want low or high level programming?
Glad you're back. What do you need?
What do you find to be the purpose behind advising?
Is everything going well?
Did you like 370? If so, EECS 470, offered at 3PM, is about computer architecture. If you liked 370 then this would be a good follow up to that material.
What are some topics you're interested in?
Take a look at the online course workload survey if you want to base your schedule purely on difficulty.
eecs485 focuses on databases and includes web apps.
I think you will need to take EECS 376, 281 and 370 before you can do other EECS classes.
EECS 280 class size is 167.4 and have a morning lab.
Ensure that EECS 370 prerequisites student should have taken EECS 280.
My suggestion is taking EECS280 to improve your base coding knowledge
I suggest taking easy courses along the way since the work load is heavy if you take them all together.
Neither do I know him personally.
I feel bad for your feeling that way.
Hi, how can I help you today?
How many classes are you planning on taking in EECS next semester?
Yeah, that would be better.  Come back if you have more questions.
How are you feeling today?
Next semester, Martha Pollack is teaching 203.
You have yet to take course EECS 203.
If you want to take the two courses together, one more course is needed to take next semester.
This course's level of difficulty is only 2.23.
Hi AJ, what can I help you with today?
Great! You do not quite have all of your courses completed.
You're welcome! Bye
Well, are you interested in EE, CE or CS? Or some combination of those?
EECS484 is a prerequisite course for EECS584.
I recommend removing one from them.
How can I be of use to you?
If you want to take an additional EECS class as well as 281 you shouldn't take 376 because it's project-based and unlike 370 and 281.
How can I help you sir?
This course is required by some companies to locate an internship.
Are there any other questions you have?
For a first year student, I would recommend you to take required courses such as EECS280 and EECS203 next term.
You need to take EECS 280 and EECS 203 before declaring the major and if you want to major in CS
Both EECS 481 Software Engineering and EECS 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence are suitable for your situation.
As soon as possible, Sophomores should take EECS281 and EECS370 .
In regards to EECS courses, these are the only ones left for you to take
Before taking eecs 281, you must finish eecs 203.
Any particular course choices in mind ?
Are you interested in taking more computer classes beyond engr101?
It's moderately rated. It's slightly easier than 281.
It's given a rating of 4.13/5 in helpfulness.
Hey! What's up?
Sounds good therefore no problem!
It takes place from 3:00-5:00pm.
take it easy, and I'll see you around
No way definitely not
To take it in one semester would be hard.
Another more focused class is EECS 547, which explores the field of Electronic Commerce
You need 281 in order to take other upper level eecs course.
EECS 203 has a medium hard rating and is recommended for next semester. You should take easier classes with it for balance.
Any concerns or questions about the course?
EECS 370 paired with EECS 376
Hi, there. What can be done by me for you?
It looks like you already took Math 216, so I would recommend not repeating
For Hardware, I recommend you try EECS 478.
I would suggest taking EECS492
Hello, what brings you to my office today?
Because you have taken ENGR101 you do not need to take EECS 183.
I notice that you've already taken EECS281. What fields of CS interest you?
Do you like computer science courses over others based on the previous courses you took?
EECS 441 is an MDE with a relatively low workload, tailored towards web and mobile development.
Do you need a teacher to push you
Discrete mathematics includes mathematical concepts in computer science, and is taught in EECS 203.
Intro to Comp organization ecs370
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.
Since you are a junior and have finished a lot of classes you may take a lighter workload and an easier course.
Does that interest you much?
Yea, that is correct
About 170 students
Lingjia Tang teaches a class on Compiler Construction.
Great. That is what I am good at
Well let me take a look.
Hi, how are you today?
And have a good day.
ENGR183 is a class I encourage you to take.
This particular course is called Interface Development.
Absolutely!
Cool, do you have experience with programming?
EECS 183 would be my recommendation.
You're welcome and good luck to you!
I would recommend 492 Artificial Intelligence. We did very interesting NLP stuff when I graded for that class.
I recommend you taking EECS595 as a graduate level course based on your interests.
EECS 281's Pre-requisite is EECS 203.
Greatly superb
EECS478 (Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization) is available during Winter 2014. Taught by professor Armin Alaghi, EECS 478 is a 4 credit course focusing on advanced design of logic circuits.
You are most welcome.
hi ian. how ya doin?
The workload of EECS485 is much the same as general 4 credit classes

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 94:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
I should prerequisite Eecs 280 for most computer classes, including game design.

C. options-for-next:
It looks like you have most of your pre-requisites out of the way and you can start taking some more EECS courses
Are you interested in logic circuit synthesis and optimization?
Would you also like to take up a math course next semester?
the next core requirement for the CS Major is EECS376
Do you have prior experience with machine learning.
What kind of topics do you like?
Does EECS spark your interest?
The instructor is easy to understand; he has a clarity rating of 3.77
Because many students take them at the same time, I'm sure that their schedule won't conflict.
Hold on
Sounds fine to me. EECS475 Intro To Cryptography is a class you can take.
Introduction to Cryptography is easier than Introduction to Computer Organization.
If that's all, have a nice day!
What is the required info?
Are there math requirements?
What do you find interesting?
EECS 484 has a lighter workload relative to other EECS electives.
Did you like EECS 270?
No worries!
That's especially true because 470 is an introductory course.
Then I'll suggest you to take EECS 545
Next semester are you interested in taking EECS classes
What is something that you need help with?
Yes. Of course! Based on your areas of study I would suggest EECS 481 Software Development.
What side of things are you more interested in, the hardware or software side of things?
Bye, good luck in your studies.
You will have to take the course EECS 203 before EECS 281 as it is a requirement.
Will this be okay?
The course begins at 15:00, and ends at 16:30.
370 is taken before 376 by most students.
Which subject would you enjoy; imaging processing or machine learning?
Thank you, enjoy your day.
What is your purpose here today?
They are both large classes, with about 80 to 90 people.
A good recommendation on a course to take next would be EECS 376.
Is there specific criteria you are using to make your selection?
EECS280 might be something you'd like to look at as well.
I believe that you took EECS 280.
Unless you have extra time in your schedule, I would recommend sticking to 484. If you need another class, you may consider taking EECS 381.
How much do you like Artificial Intelligence?
Anything else you'd like to ask?
I can do that.
The amount of work required for EECS477 is medium.
Do you expect to have a heavy
Usually there are 50 people allowed in the course.
You are very welcome. You are always welcome to receive advise here.
It gives 4 credits with a class size of around 40 students.
EECS is an intro level  course on algorithm analysis plus O-notation and various sub categories, with multiple programming assignments
If you want to try an easier class, I insist on EECS 373.
493 would be an easier workload, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
Are you interested in taking software related classes?
If you are taking a high level language class, I would be against more than 2 EECS classes.
Good deal!  No issues. Have a good one now!
Do you need help?
Have a good evening!
I can assist you with it.
EECS545 as well as EECS592 are hard courses.
There is one class in that area: EECS 485: Web Database and Systems
You are also required to take EECS 496 and TCHNCLCM 497 as part of your Major Design Experience
EECS 545 is not like EECS 492 - which is worth 4 credits - it is only worth 3.
It seems you have completed many advanced EECS courses.
Hi there! Shall we?
How are you doing today?
About one hundred
I should prerequisite Eecs 280 for most computer classes, including game design.
Are you still with me?
That is a good grade.
People seem to like 486 because it is not code intensive.
What subjects do you like?
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
Only about 167 students enroll in the class.
EECS376 really needs background that is taught in EECS280.
For Algorithms for beginners, take EECS477.
Don't you know that would be a perfect fit for you ?
Also good for you would be EECS373, I think.
You're welcome
My suggestion will be EECS484!
You are very welcome and good bye!
Hello student
You're welcome.
I thought it is very interesting.
OK. Do you have an idea of what topics in CS you want to learn about that aren't hardware related?
I suggest EECS 280 and EECS 203.
You don't appear to have enough background on EECS.
Hi, what can I do for you?
Ok. How many credits are required for graduation?
Please sit down.
No worries!
That will be a pretty full semester. I suggest you take another upper level cs class with a lower workload
Cool, is hardware or software your desire.
Upon looking, I'm seeing EECS 582 being offered next semester.
The general consensus on this class is that it is of average easiness, so you should do fine.
If I may suggest, as you require 16 more credits, the rest of your schedule should have some intellectual courses prior to graduation.
you can expect to work a lot because the course is for 4 credit hours
It worths 3 credit
Yes, if you take your 4 ULCS classes and your MDE in the next 3 semesters you can graduate on time.
Linear algebra courses can be found in math 214 and 217, but the level of difficulty is greater in math 217.
You'll be able to take advanced classes next semester, if you take this class.
Hi; afternoon!
Are you interested in programming?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 95:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.

C. options-for-next:
I would take it if I was you.
Great, how are you today?
EECS 376 has a professor who isn't particularly helpful, EECS 281 is a course you will be interested in with a helpful professor.
I would recommend you take EECS484 because of your specific situation.
I would add that you should take  eecs549 since this course is centered around information retrieval.
Sounds nice. You can take EECS475, which is Intro To Cryptography.
12:00-1:30 pm T/TH
It found that people generally find 370 to have a light to moderate workload.
He's a good professor
I see you have a lot of classes to choose from. How can I help you?
Great! Let me think for a while.
What would you like me to advise you on?
What are you interested in?
Fantastic
It is a core class and Igor L Markov is the instructor.
Sounds good. What topics are you interested in?
That is right, isn't it?
Hi, how may I be of assistance?
Why doesn't 281 appeal to you?
EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts is suggested for freshers.
As far as computer science, what field do you consider most interesting?
As per me you should take another class since you have already taken this class
The size of class EECS 481 is 63.71.
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.
before you can take upper level eecs electives you will need to take eecs281
What about Discrete Math and Elementary Programming Concepts?
Computer security & networks
There are around 130 people in the class.
I would recommend taking as many of the requirements as possible this semester, but you might not be able to finish by the end of the year.
My advice is to take both courses.
Yes, to start you could take EECS 381, Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
EECS281 is the same.
Because you are interested in hardware I suggest you take EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor-based Systems.
EECS students should take 281 as a core course.
EECS376 isn't very popular, so I understand if you didn't like it.
What are some of the topics that you are interested in?
Have a wonderful day.
Yes, EECS 183 is a good course and easy.
Fresher should take 183 first.
There are several requireed core courses you will need in order to declare your major as computer science.
Good morning, how can I help you with?
Yep! Since you have mostly been taking STEM courses up to this point it would be good to explore some other options, there are many interesting choices
Are there any other things you are interested in?
Good morning Elaine!
Which one do you want to know more, microprocessor, computer architecture, and logic circuit synthesis?
Don't worry. This class starts at 10:00 in the morning and ends at 12:00 in the noon.
No, EECS280 is a pre-requisite for EECS281, along with EECS203. You will have to do both of those courses to take EECS28
Is that something you're interested in doing?
Whats your interest leve in Artificial Intelligence?
Really not.
545 would be the next course I would recommend, based on your previous endeavors.
It has a small class size of about 50 students.
Hello, how are you?
Do you want to look at the list of intellectual breath classes available to you?
Because of your stellar grades, you should be able to do this easily.
Intellectual breadth courses are often good to take when you have other courses with heavy workloads
Is it interesting?
You could consider taking EECS 595 if you eventually do take EECS 445
How are you to handle the workload of these courses you took?
An option would be EECS, as it is required and the workload is lighter.
Professor Chesney is the best!
Good, and how are you?
The class gives 4 credits.
The mathematical foundation of computer science (discrete math) is taught in 203.
This course isn't that difficult, only 2.23.
EECS485 is a big class, true.
How do you like EECS477?
It's well-known that EECS is hard.
Do you have any other questions?
EECS370 workload is somewhat harder than EECS281 and EECS280.
Yes, CS majors can persue a double major in the EECS department.  But they can only do this with EE.  They can't do it with data science because it overlaps too much to count as a double major.
Are there any other questions?
Goodluck with next year for semesters, tree class will be nice
Is harder classes your preference?
Hod do you like EECS484?
They are both large classes.
Many students come into it without skills though and there are many resources to help.
Taking EECS 281 for me would be a good decision
You can consider taking either EECS 492 which is an AI course, or EECS 545 which is about Machine Learning.
EEECS445 is a very important course for AI.
Based on your experience, it should simple for you?
I don't know details, but it's a core class like 281.
Since you took 281 already, you're qualified to take a lot of the upper level classes.
Popular courses are popular for a reason; they can prove to be quite useful.
You must take an easy non-CS class to balance the workload.
I think you should take Machine Learning, if you are interested.
This major design class also satisfies graduating requirements.
Are you ok with it?
Multithreading concepts might be critical for backend
What do you want?
Is there something else you wish to discuss?
You first must have your other requirements completed and can then do any other electives.
In my opinion 376 or 307 will be good as you've already taken 281.
You should take EECS281.
This course is popular with the students and many want to register.
Are you interested in for the work
What are are you looking to take classes in?
It covers applications and web technology also.
I also suggest EECS 376, if you're looking for easy course
Oh, too bad, how about another class?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 96:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Unfortunately, you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester but Eecs 281 is also necessary.

C. options-for-next:
Artificial intelligent is pretty easy, its eecs 492. you can also try the sp is, ppp
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes
You can take EECS 281 with either EECS 376 or EECS 370
Class will be held on the afternoon of Wednesday.
As far as popularity, there are these 2 courses.
William C Rounds is the instructor.
The coursework might be too hard for a sophomore.
what tops intrigue you
Will you take EECS376, Foundations of Computer Science?
If you are interested in CS, then I suggest you take EECS280 next semester.
There aren't any other MATH and ENGR courses that i know of
Have a good one
Do you have any interest in Machine Learning?
Are compilers of interest for you to learn about?
Can I help further?
welcome! If there's something else I can do for you let me know
Have you taken a major? What classes are you interested in taking?
It should be what regular 3-credit classes are demanding.
Probability, logic, functions, algorithms, introductory combinatorics, graph theory, and discrete probability are covered in Discrete Mathematics.
In that case, I would suggest EECS482.
No, you are cool!
A moderately difficult class is EECS 183
Ok, Bye!
I need to find out the number of upper level cs credits required for graduation.
It's clearly not an easy schedule, but it isn't any more difficult than what you dealt with your previous terms.
A good foundation in computer science can be found with these two courses.
Glad I could help!
Ok. Based on your situation, I suggest you take EECS489 later and first take the prerequisite in this semester.
the primary focus of this course is theory and application of matrix methods to signal processing, data analysis and machine learning
Professor Jamin
Would you like to have a lot of work next semester?
What's your current year of study?
Yes, you meet the requirements for EECS484
Engr101 covers the essential
Neat, what can I do to help you?
alright, hope this was supportive!
What area interests you?
I strongly recommend that you definitely take EECS 281 next semester
Choosing any specialization will benefit your from taking course.
Back in the days, Professor Honglak Lee's class was very good.You should take it.
Before starting any upper levels like EECS 475, I think you ought to finish 281 and 370 first
Does that help? Are you confident now?
Hi.
There is no doubt that it is more difficult to do 280.
Yes! It is my opinion that if you go to office hours you can pass upper level classes. Professors are really helpful.
It is a lot of work but I believe you should be able to handle all of it.
EECS 370 is Intro to Computer Organization. You will learn how low-level language interact with computer hardware.
I recommend you EECS203 Discrete Math
Have you decided between EECS280 or EECS183?
A helpful class would be EECS183.
What's in it for you?
Straight to ricks 2017
Appreciate you coming.
492 is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence and 442 is Computer Vision
One must take EECS370 to get a degree in computer science.
Mr. Michael J Cafarella
Three classes in the last semester can be tough.
What's your opinion on EECS 481 or EECS 477?
Theory and application of matrix methods to signal processing, data analysis and machine learning will be taught in this course.
Let me see.
Is the advisor you?
Hello. Can I help you with anything?
What topics do you find interesting?
I hope next semester is the best for all of you
Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, the lectures will be at 10 am.
Also EECS 280.
EECS 370 is also a great course for your major.
Here are some courses suited for you: EECS 484, EECS 485 and EECS 481.
Hi, what can I do to be of assistance?
what would you  love to Study
EECS 281 is the bigger one.
Computer Science is very difficult, but it will be worth it! You brought up money before, well research has shown that Computer Science majors make a starting salary of over $100,000 per year. If you are becoming too overwhelmed, there are plenty of people that you can contact to discuss time management skills and learning how to deal with stress.
If you fail, you can take the class again.
What field of computer science are you interested in taking classes in?
If you have software development as an interest, I recommend you take EECS481 Software Engineering.
Due to not having taken an algorithm course before, you should enroll in EECS 281.
Unfortunately, you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester but Eecs 281 is also necessary.
I could recommend 478, Logic circuit synthesis and optimization building on that.
After completeing the class EECS 183 I realized it was quite hard
EECS 470, have you considered ?
Depending on if you are good at math, 203 and 250 will be easy for you.
If I were you, that would be my decision.
Let me check the workload survey!
Hello. Can I help you?
this course is a lot of work
Sorry, a LSA advisor would be of more assistance than me because I'm an EECS advisor.
If you liked ENGR151, you can try EECS183
It looks like since you are a freshman and new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for classes beyond EECS 281.
You are also missing your MDE, which is an additional 8 or so credits that you need to graduate.
If you're looking for a class on intelligent systems, EECS 492: Introduction to artificial intelligence is a good start.
Are difficult classes your preference?
These classes are basic and involve elementary coding and math concepts that are essential to grasp before taking on the more advanced classes.
Considering your background, i would suggest EECS183.
You are welcome, bye!
Sure that’s easy!
For Programming and Introductory Data Structures take EECS280.
376 is the easier course, but 281 is required.
What do you prefer as far as courses: ones that help you more or less?
How can I assist you today?
Both are fairly neutral.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 97:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable

C. options-for-next:
I see you took EECS 270 and EECS 370. Did you enjoy those classes?
Do you need further assistance?
No problem. Have a fine day.
You can check past students' rankings yourself at http://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/all_survey.2016.htm
Have you set your major yet?
What's your question on CS
Of course! Are you considering computer science as a major?
EECS203 is necessary
Hey there, I am your course advisor. Can I help you with something?
Sorry, no. This adds up to 12 credits of upper level CS classes and you need 16 to graduate. So in addition, you will have to take three upper level CS courses overall.
How about EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence?
Most students take EECS 281 in their Sophmore year, which I what I recommend for you.
Hope this was helpful info!
You are very welcome!
It might be updated by us later.
Certainly! Anybody have any questions?
Labs are not with either option.
Because its in the morning.
Is EECS477 Introduction to Algorithms recommended?
The best one for you is 203.
Which class in the EECS category would you like to take?
Those are your only two engineering course options for a CS major.
Name is Sugih Jamin
This is okay, right?
Considering what you have already learned, I think EECS281 is a good choice.
You still have 3 core classes left given your enrollment record.
Which do you prefer, software development or web development?
What keeps you most engaged?
Hello!
Have you taken the class EECS281?
are you certain you don't have any other questions?
Majoring in CSE requires a lot of credits, so you'll need to plan ahead if you want to do a double major or something.
I think this helped you! Cya later.
If you have software development as an interest, I recommend you take EECS481 Software Engineering.
Anything else to ask?
How many students are you interested in having in your class?
If you took EECS 281 than you sould take EECS 370 and 376 next year.
What classes you're going to pick for the next semester today?
You will get 4 credits.
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable
I find some of your options to be agreeable to me.
Hello, what's up?
Good, you will have a great semester hopefully.
Stats 415 and 470 are the best statistics class levels to take.
A prerequisite for most upper level cs is EECS 281.
Glad to help
I am Eric.
You will probably have difficulty in EECS 376 if you had a hard time in EECS 203 and you don't enjoy math. EECS 370 is rather easy and 484 is doable too.
I suggest EECS 475 for its lighter workload than most upper level EECS courses.
If software development interests you, I would recommend taking EECS481 Software Engineering.
Is CS your major or choice?
For this class the size is 58
Students must take EECS 280 before they take EECS 370.
I've heard from other students that it's a pretty hard course.
Hi, how may I help you?
I have no idea what time that class will be.
Would "computer Game Design and Development", "User Interface Development", "Software Engineering, or "Computer Network Security" be of interest to you?
Hi, how can I help you?
I would suggest joining the Michigan Data Science Team, and giving Deng a follow on Facebook, as he posts some really random but very relevant information.
Given the options of math oriented courses or programming course, which one do you like more?
What do you like?
Do you have a preference on class size?
How difficult did you think EECS 280 was last semester?
You should know some probability and linear algebra if you want to be a data scientist or software engineer.
OK well goodbye!
I think you should take as many of the required classes as possible this semester, you may be unable to finish by year's end.
EECS 376, a prerequisite fo other classes, is less practical application and focuses more on proofs and mathematical foundations of computer science.
Hello
But if you really wanted to, you could take another easy higher level such as EECS 493
The course is good because it is helpful for learning hardware.
Some people told me great things about the course EECS494, Video Game Design.
EECS203 is less hard than EECS280 based on last year's feedback
Hi, how is your course these days?
I would recommendt taking one course of breadth credit for your next term
Hello, what can I help you with?
Total number of classes you'd like to take?
All sophomores should take EECS 203.
373 will be meeting at 10:30 to 12 on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
What is your major, EECS?
Pragmatic aspects involved in the production of  software systems include structuring principles, design methodologies, and informal analysis.
For 281 there are 2 prerequisites, 280 and 203.  You need what is taught in those classes to get through 281
It is best to take EECS 376 first. If you think you can handle it, you can take a EECS course at the next level.
EECS 271: Introto algorithm analysis and O-notation
Baveja, Satinder Singh
Yi, can I help you?
It will have a good amount of work, but you should have no problem with it.
Do you find circuits enjoyable?
Hello!
Fabulous! It was great to have you here!
Can I provide some help?
eecs 280 and 203 are the next logical steps for a cs major.
Thanks, I'm happy to help.
How is your interest in computer software?
Yes, I am offering you aid.
Does class size usually matter to you?
You are most welcome, and have a pleasant day.
Are you interested in web development?
Did you need something?
Success is possible with this course, but it is easier for those with a background in machine learning.
CS employers tend to appreciate holistically challenging courses

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 98:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
280 is based on projects, while 203 is not.  Don't let that fool you.  Several students have admitted that 203 is harder than 280

C. options-for-next:
What can I do for you today?
The class has roughly 55 students, typically.
Hi! Why are you in my office?
What is your preferred class size?
Hello what can I help you with
Hello. How can I help you?
Here is Michael John.
I recommend you to take EECS 376 if you prefer less workload
I believe in your case you should take EECS 18
Based on your preferences EECS 281 would be a good fit for you.
What would you prefer out of system, web or software development?
No problem, bye now
Can I help you?
The class has a difficulty rating of 3.
Can you see this?
Did you find the hardware aspect of 370 enjoyable?
If you have prior experience with Calculus then I recommend taking EECS203.
What topics are you into?
The Design of Microprocessor Based Systems is this class.
What do you recommend as a corequisit?
The EECS482 class size is 99.6.
Do you think game design classes would be of interest to you?
How big is your ideal class?
There is additional information I can provide on these.
Does that sound interesting?
So it would improve my performance in 280, Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
You haven't taken EECS 482. I would recommend it as it is said to be quite useful.
It is strongly recommended by me that based on your condition you take EECS 281.
If you do, I'd suggest you take something that is easier such as EECS 477
Yep, In the summer, Stats 250 is available.
You're in the right place, this is the computer hardware course.
Don't take EECS 484 because it is from 9:00AM to 10:30AM on Monday and Wednesday.
Yes, of course.
May I help you with something today?
Hello do you need any help
484 will show you more about databases, so it appears you are more intrigued by that.
Are you planning on taking EECS 203 next semester?
as far as MDEs go,  do you have a preference?
If you're going the 270 route, you can do 376 and 270 first, since you're a sophomore.
However, if you want a challenge, course EECS376 is a good foundation class.
I think any student interested in web dev should glance over these courses.
Choose between computer software or hardware.
Both are outstanding classes that are sensible in workload
You could also take EECS 281 with either EECS 370 or EECS 376
Have you heard of Clayton D Scott before? He is teaching the class.
Is there any area, other than computer science, that you are interested in?
Definitely, which one of the four are you thinking about not taking?
The class is considered small as there are only about 50 students.
I don't know , but I believe he's great.
EECS 203 would be the next step.
Have a good day!
Does EECS 545 Machine Learning seem interesting?
This class is huge.
Now you have to address the core requirements: EECS 281, EECS 370, and EECS 376.
Hongkak Lee, the professor
Maybe you should try that.
Hello!
For sure. You should start taking CS courses right now.
I notice that you are a sophomore.
many students can handle 2 upper level
EECS203 and 280 are classes I would recommend you take.
You meet the requirements for both of the classes
Before now, did you ever learn about machine learning?
What can I help you with?
You can take EECS 370 or EECS 281;
I think there is one course in Discrete Math would be great for you.
Do you have any specific fields of interest in technology?
You took a number of CEE classes.
After taking those you will need EECS 370, 281 and 376.
But it depends you know.
Yes I can. To help finish up your requirements you should probably take EECS370.
280 is based on projects, while 203 is not.  Don't let that fool you.  Several students have admitted that 203 is harder than 280
EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281 are excellent courses for hitting the cs major requirements.
You can take EECS477: Intro to Algorithms
a good day may you have.
EECS 484, EECS 485, and EECS 481 are a few of the courses you might like.
Youre welcome
Do you want to take another class?
Is there something related to hardware you like?
Okay, My suggestion will be to take EECS 381 if you really liked 281 and are looking for a challenge.
EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization, EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms, and EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science are the courses you need to take.
you will do well since you already take many math class
You'll do fine in this class, as you've already taken Math 214 and 216.
Do you think you would like computer science or electrical engineering best?
I'm so glad you asked! EECS 481 stands for Software Engineering while EECS 477 stands for Algorithms.
Any other questions?
If you are interested in computer hardware, I would suggest taking EECS 470, EECS 478, or EECS 373
EECS 482 is Introduction to Operating Systems
I might want to look into EECS 280 based on that .
A course that counts towards your graduation requirement is a major design course.
You will notice that the information will be on Wolverine access while you are registering.
EECS 496 is the ethics class you speak of
Order to complete your degree requirements
Glad to hear that! So is there any course in hardware area that you've taken?
Glad I could help
What are your thoughts on EECS 481 or EECS 477?
You probably wouldn't want EECS 484 it's from 9 am to 10:30 am every Monday and Wednesday.
It is Database Management Systems.
Best wishes!
Does class size usually matter to you?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 99:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Can you tell me what your preferences are?

C. options-for-next:
It has been a pleasure!
EECS 481 covers dealing with structuring principles, pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, design methodologies and informal analysis.
Honestly what you should do is get 281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) and 376 (Foundations of Computer Science) requirements out of the way.
The decision that has to be made here depends on how curious you are on AI and Mathematics
Given your experience, EECS 280 might be a good course.
EECS 484 is taught by Professor Cafarella next semester.
Do you find Cryptography interesting?
What is your favorite part of EECS?
EECS 496 and TCHNCLCM 497 are both required to fulfill your Major Design Experience.
It appears that you have finished EECS281 which means you are eligible for most upper-level CS classes. I suggest EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence,  or  EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
Hey now, how are you doing today?
One good course for you to take this semester would be the introduction to the mathematical foundation of computer science.
In terms of workload level, EECS 376 is on lighter side, EECS 281 is at moderate level, and EECS 370 would be the heaviest. But, none of them are too extreme in terms of workload.
Based on that, you might want to look into EECS 280.
you are welcome
Were EECS 270 and EECS 370 enjoyable classes?
It is a heavy workload class, and it studies algorithm and data structures
For the ULCS Data Science,it counts
If you want to take the two courses together, you should take only one more course next semester.
Are there any specific courses you prefer?
Can you tell me what your preferences are?
But you could take 376 next semester, which is another required course that shouldn't be too difficult to take together with 478
What are your interests?
Great! Are you interested in exploring elementary CS courses or in advanced course?
What subjects are you most interested in?
What are you majoring in?
Affirmative! What is it you are looking for?
before any upper level courses you have to finish the prerequisite
Is mobile app development interesting to you?
You've fallen behind schedule. You have to do EECS 370 and 376 as soon as you can, since they are required for many higher EECS courses.
Introduction to Cryptography is harder than Introduction to Computer Organization.
EECS 280 is much bigger (~167 each year), while 203 is smaller (~55), and EECS 183 is in between (~124).
EECS484 and EECS 485 are recommended by myself.
You have already taken EECS280 and EECS370, so you are qualified to take both EECS281 and EECS370.
Most definitely, let me check for a min.
Taking all three at the same time would be a tough workload.
The lectures and classes take place on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
my pleasure.
EECS 281,370,376 are all core cs classes you should take
You have plenty to choose from!
Is there anything I can help you with?
you feel successful in 3 computer science classes?
Since you're majoring in CS, I think you should take EECS 376 next semester to get that requirement out of the way.
Hello Mara! How are you today?
Hello there! How are you?
I am having a hard time assigning a difficulty rating for this, however, you will have 4 credit hours and a lab for this course.
Hi Mara! How are you today?
Today, I am very glad to be able to help you.
But it definitely teaches you a lot of things.
With all the classes you have taken, I think you have met the requirements.
Is that okay?
You must take MATH116 before taken the advanced EECS203 course.
Hello Tanvir. How are you?
I would love to help.
Sure thing! May I help with anything additional now?
Is that a class you'd like to take?
generally students say 441 is not a very intense class. Otherwise, I would suggest a non-cs class. you may want to fulfill some humanities/ss reqs
Whats new?
Everything is good.  We will meet again soon.
no problem! have a great day
Class Overview of EECS 470 is an introductory graduate-level course in computer architecture. This course is intended to do two things: to give you a solid, detailed understanding of how computers are designed and implemented, including the central processor and memory and I/O interfaces; and to make you aware of the numerous tradeoffs in design and implementation, their interaction, their realization in both historical and state-of-the-art systems, and trends that will affect them in future systems.
No...now it's AI.
Hello student
You only need to take a Capstone class since you're completed the four required ULCS courses for your major.
You'll need all three of these classes to graduate.
You'll be able to take advanced classes next semester, if you take this class.
I would recommend EECS 481 it is pretty work intensive since it is a programming class.
Is that all?
The course load will be slightly heavy with 545 and 485.
ok!  Are you looking at computer science as a major?
Advanced computer and network security is the subject of EECS588.
Give me a minute to think
Yes. How may I help you today?
That is great
yeah, he's somewhat good.
EECS484 is not a hard course for the majority of students.
You can't take classes on these topics because you haven't progressed very far on those topics.
You might want to take 478 then, since it has a more level of moderate difficulty.
You are running behind. You should take EECS376 and 370 as soon as you can because they are the pre-req for the upper level EECS courses.
It looks like you haven't taken EECS 281 yet. It might be a good idea to take this since its a gateway to a lot of the upper level CS classes
3 upper level cs classes are needed
The professor gives lectures at 10 a.m. every Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
I recommend removing one from them.
EECS 203 is a class you could take.
If a difficulty rating of 2 is acceptable, EECS 478 is an option.
moving to ricks 2017
OK, same to you!
Sure. You should probably add EECS370 to your requirements.
All is well, which begs the question of why you are here.
How are you doing today?
Extremely Great ! Then EECS 485 might be just the thing that you're focusing for
In that case I suggest taking EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts.
How can I help you out today?
It's Professor Strauss, who is average helpful.
Your interests are in what topic?
Because you have taken MTH 105 and 115 you should be ready for EECS 203
yeah, totally.
Greetings! How can I be of assistance today?
Next semester, are there any particular types of courses that you would like to take?
It is a beginner's course on cryptography.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 100:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.

C. options-for-next:
I do have a copy of your transcript.
While there is a difference between math 214 and 217, they are both linear algebra. Math 217 is applied linear algebra and considered to be the harder of the two courses.
Which sub-discipline of computer science do you wish to study?
Take EECS484, that's my recommendation.
I noticed you took eecs 280.  I recommend 203 as it is a requirement before you can take 281.
There will be fewer demands as this class is a continuation of your previous coursework.
What do you like the most about EECS?
For next semester, I strongly suggest that you take the EECS course instead of the Math course.
I think 485 is a good choice.
Did you know how to do programming prior?
The course is worth 4 credits.
EECS 370 is about computer organization and is a prerequisite for many courses that expand on this topic like EECS 482 which is fairly popular.
Both 376 and 492 are not as programming based as many other EECS classes so project deadlines should not be an issue
Are you interested in systems, hardware, theory, or software engineering?
Enjoy your day.
Does AI, machine learning, website development, or other areas of software development interest you?
Depending on what you would like to study, I would recommend as there are many available.
Given your preferences, I would suggest EECS 481 for Software Development.
Both 376 and 492 have reasonably average difficulty levels, so you would be fine taking both.
are you looking for suggestions on classes?
Cool, I see you've already completed 485. I think 484 is a good class that is largely focused on databases, which is key for backend.
If you are also taking other EECS courses, taking EECS 492 the same semester would be challenging.
That's great! Have a lovely day today!
In order to graduate cse you'll need to take statistics.
What is the maximum workload you can handle?
Do you want to take eecs classes next semester?
Looking at your experiences, I'd go for Operating Systems, and Database management.
EECS281 appears to be the most difficult class next semester if you take all the recommended classes. From what I see here, it's as hard as EECS 280.
For you, options are plentiful!
Hi, what can I do for you?
No issues! you come back any time
Yes! Your file says that you have quite some experience in hardware type classes.
The class is pretty hard.
Or correction, I mistyped. It's 183 which is taught by Professor Dorf and is a close runner up.
You can manage since you've already taken a few somewhat moderate classes.
I would recommend that you take either EECS 484 - Database Management Systems - or EECS 485 - Web Database and Information Systems.
I would like to suggest that you take EECS 482 since you said that you like EECS 370.
Was there anything else that you needed my assistance with today?
Is there an EECS course you want to take next semester?
Seeing as you are just a freshman and also new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
Additional upper-level eecs courses
EECS 370 needed more work than EECS 376, since it is less of a workload than EECS 281.
Hi! What other help do you need today?
if your int. in web development, def. take these courses.
Following your completion of EECS281, I
Let me think about this.
Electronic Commerce covers a several important topics related to computer science, economics, and other disciplines. We analyze how these topics influence the design and analysis of commerce online.
Because course 281 has homework each week, several small projects and a large group project, many students reflected that the work load was heavy.
How many preferences should you tell me?
Elementary Programming Concepts it is.
The next course in the sequence is EECS281, since you've already taken EECS280.
I believe with your resume, EECS 494 Game Design and Development would be the best course for you to take.
Although this class is harder, since you are only a junior and have finished all your requirement you can take it with a lighter course load
There is another upper level algorithm course called Design and Analysis of Algorithm.
EECS376 is a requirement for graduation and one more upper level EECS class, so I would suggest you start with hat.
There's a course open that seems to be of interest to you.
Hi Mingyang! How can I help you?
Yes, the course EECS280 is a big class and it is helpful if you want to find a job after you graduate.
Alright, see ya.
Hi Jamie! What can I help you with?
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.
Concepts such as tree searches and fundamental data structures are involved, and would build on to your knowledge.
You should take EECS 470 because it will help you after graduation especially with your background in hardware and physics.
Would you like to take a class with a large class size?
It is also a major design course, that counts towards your graduation requirement.
About 120 students.
What areas of computer science interest you most?
I would recommend taking eecs 203 next semester
Do you enjoy EECS 370?
Hi there, can I be of any assistance?
What time of the day do you prefer?
I see you do not take ML course.
Would you rather learn to beef up your coding skill or instead that of machine learning?
Actually, it is not big, the class has only 41 students in it.
What area have you found yourself most interested in?
It might be updated later.
Scientist Reetuparna Das
Are you interested in programming?
Enjoy yourself from dawn to dusk.
Judging from the courses you've already taken, I think you need a math class instead of more philosophy courses.
What pieces of info do I need to provide?
Next semester both EECS 492 and 442 are being offered, which are in the intelligent systems area.
It is required that you have EECS203 for a majority of CS courses.
Yes, I'm still with you. I recommend taking EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems.
So because you have already taken a lot of software-oriented classes, I think you would not find this class code-heavy.
Accomplishing success is achievable.
Oh ok, See ya later!
Awesome! How is your day?
What courses do you wanna take this semester?
A good course would be EECS183 which is Elementary Programming Concepts.
Does class size usually matter to you?
My suggestion would be database management systems.
It is extreme.
I saw EECS 280 was taken by you.
We also have an AI class, EECS 492 uf your interested.
Any questions from you
Possible EECS492.
I suggest you take EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
Hi world!
By how much

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 101:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.

C. options-for-next:
Yes, this is not an easy course
Ok. Take it if you are interested. Let me check what else I can find......
Having three EECS courses along with a technical course will be very difficult.
Wonderful, would you like my assistance with anything else?
What was it like for you in 484? Do you like database?
Each week, I would recommend 6-8 hours outside of class.
What do you find interesting as far as upper level classes go?
What topics are you into?
I see that you've done EECS281. What areas of CS are you interested in?
Much appreciated.
I'm here to assist in your class selection.
Would you like to learn more about that?
I can help you.
Discussion hour is also an hour long in this class.
You know, it depends.
Yes. But you are yet to fulfill your basic requirements.
For a class that tends to be a heavy workload, I can recommend EECS475, which is Intro to Cryptography
Do you like database?  How was your experience in 484?
Are you looking to take another EECS course?
What sort of classes interests you?
Would you be interested in natural language processing?
This course is Database Management Systems.
Everything is fine.  We will talk later.
I actually don't have that info, but I've heard the GSIs are mad helpful
EECS 370 and EECS 281 of the upper level classes are required that people find interesting, so to start taking more higher level, it is suggested of these two. Rather, EECS 376 and EECS 281 offer a lighter workload.
What interests you about 381?
Are you planning on taking one of those classes the following semester?
What can I do for you?
However, this class is not a CSE pre-major course, so it won't help you to progress further in the major.
Microcomputer is a tough but interest course.
What subjects are you interested in learning more about?
Hey there Shane!
Would you be interested in learning more about socket programming and computer networks?
To declare the major computer science, you will have to take a lot of core courses.
Do you mind taking a course larger class size?
Yes, those classes will be fun next semester.
I see you are a sophomore.
Your major would be helped along by it also.
It teaches you about AI on a general level.
The computation theory intro class includes such topics as computational complexity, turing  machines, recursive languages/functions, context-free languages, pushdown automata, regular languages and finite automata.
You're welcome.
What are you most interested in?
Have a good day!
Ok.   I recommend taking EECS281 and EECS376 in combination
This class is not as hard as EECS482 and EECS492.
Many students like eecs 487, but even eecs 493 is a good course
What do you prefer, web or software development?
If you do all three of those courses at the same time, you'll have a major workload.
Though it may still be challenging. In order to finish the major I don't think it will be possible to finish the requirements in 1 semester.
373 is a great class to take.
They enjoy anything dealing with the topic of engineering mat.
That is an easy intro level class yes.
Is this what you meant when you talk of practical?
is that something you'd like to do?
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.
Unfortunately you can't.
The workload is moderate for both of these classes.
As far as workload, EECS 370 is somewhere between EECS 281 on the high end and EECS 376 on the low end.
The class is moderately hard.
You need to take the course EECS281, Date Structures and Algorithms.
For graduation, you only need 8 more credits, but that doesn't mean you can' t take more EECS classes.
what can I help you with>
Eecs 492 artificial intelligence is comparatively light. You could also try the sp is, ppp
The other engineering courses are in your schedule
My pleasure, have a good one.
Sounds good!
You seem to have a heavy load nest semester.
A core class required for students is not computer hardware.
An average of 81.4 students.
Do you have anything specific for interests within technology?
It is possible for CS majors to take a double major in EECS.  However, they can only do this with EE.  It is not possible to do it with Data Science, because there is too much overlap for it to count.
Okay, I would suggest taking EECS 381 if you really liked 281 and are looking for a challenge.
Do you have any other questions?
What else?
Hello, how can I help you today?
Hi there.
You are welcome. Have a good day!
You are very welcome!
class is fancy
You're very welcome, have a nice day!
it will take 4 credits so 4 hrs for the course and then it will take 4 more hours on average to do homework and exam prep.
Hi, what can I help you with?
Yes, have a nice day.
Basic algorithms and data structures is what this is about.
In terms of workload, EECS 376 is light, EECS 281 is moderate, and EECS 370 would be the heaviest. But, none of them are too extreme in terms of workload.
It is extreme.
You're roughly 54 credits from graduating
Good Afternoon, what can I help you with?
This may not be wise, consider taking 2 instead of 4 if possible.
Which degree are you into? It looks like you've attempted many different classes.
What other questions may you have?
Sure thing! Have a great day.
EECS 183 is a more detailed course of 101. That would fit your needs more.
It doesn't seem like you've taken a CS related course before.
Are you interested in taking additional EECS classes?
That is good to know.
EECS183 covers Python, which is one of the two languages but EECS280 does not.
At this moment, is there any way that I can be of service to you?
I am not sure, you will have to check the course guide. I know that EECS 376 is offered during the summer.
Would you like to continue taking upper level CE classes as you've previously done?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 102:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript

C. options-for-next:
It is about 2 out of 5 in scale.
What math do you need for computer science?
Is web development interesting to you?
Good luck!
That's great!  Would you be interested in exploring elementary CS courses or advanced courses?
I can not make that decision unfortunately.
99.6 is the EECS482 class size.
Since EECS 281 is based on projects, students usually pull all nighters.
I prefer you take EECS 281
Yes. It involves a team project where you build your own app from scratch called 411.
You have fulfilled the requirements you need to take EECS 203. There are no other requirements.
How is your homework this week?
As far as flextech requirement goes, I'll have to get back to you because I don't know offhand
Ok, great!  Are you also interested in web design and database?
You can EECS 203 or 280, or both of them
EECS370 is better in comparison to the other.
Is there anything more?
You can try EECS 478 for hardware.
You'll earn 4 credits.
Did you need assistance with anything else?
Hello
Why is that? are you having course load that is looking pretty heavy next semester?
No problem!
There is a moderate difficulty level for EECS281.
Those are above average grades.
Yeah, You will be ok
In that case, I would suggest you to take EECS 183?
Maybe checking the EECS Undergraduate Workload Survey Result could help https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/
No problem!
Pragmatric of production software systems with strurcturing principles help operate and give information on how it works.
The easy class is EECS 573 Microarchitecture is only 3 credits but the size of the class is around 30 students.
A first year student should take EECS280 and EECS203 next term.
hi. do you have anything that you want to discuss with?
For certain, this is considered a programming course.
You are very welcome. I hope your day is pleasant.
The workload is moderate for these classes.
It looks like you are still missing a lot of the fundamental course requirements.
If the class size is smaller than that, would it be alright with you?
Hi there. What would you like help with today?
To graduate you're also going to need to take EECS 376.
It also has an easiness rating of 5
Once you take those courses you'll need to take EECS 370, 281, and 376 next.
Sure, go ahead.
You may prefer to take EECS 281 even though it's in the morning, as opposed to EECS 376
No, it only has 50 students
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There won't be as much programming involved and you'll take care of EECS 281, which is the most important class of the three.
If you are into game development, maybe you want to take a user interface development class as well.
It's worth 4 credits.
Yes it is possible to take some of those classes in the morning but you will now be able to take all of them first thing in the morning
Are you planning to major in EECS?
It appears the professor for EECS 370, Scott Mahlke is the most helpful
I believe EECS 281 would be a good for you based on what you want.
The subject of the this class is an introduction to mathematical foundations in computer science.
The only enforced prerequisite is EECS 281. Advisory prerequisites include a linear algebra class and a statistics class.
Have a great day.  Thank you.
So 376 focuses more on math and theory than 370.
EECS is about Intro O-notation and algorithm analysis with various related categories and programming assignments
An intro to computation theory: finite and pushdown automata, and context-free and regular languages, computational complexity, recursive lang./functions, and Turing machines
What can I do for you now?
Perfect those courses go along with what you prefer.
Class sizes normally range from 80 to 100 for the courses.
It's a standard CS course
EECS203 is an elementary course.
It is a very helpful class.
Let me see.  Give me a sec to go over your transcript
I prefer you look at EECS 485 and EECS 484.
Hey, what made you come here?
Given your course history, I might suggest you consider taking EECS478 or EECS475.
What higher level classes interest you?
About how many total students do you prefer to be in your class?
EECS 478's difficulty rating of 2, may fit your requirements.
Yes. What can I help you with today?
You are very welcome
The Easiness Rating for EECS 492, Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, is 3.08, while the easiness rating for EECS 477, Intro to Algorithms, is 2. So EECS 477 would be easier
The class, EECS203 is known to be hard.
Did you need something?
This semester will be hard. You should take another term.
After reviewing your resume, I think there are two classes that you should consider: EECS 550 Information theory, or EECS551: Matrix Methods for Signal Processing, Data Analysis, and Machine Learning FA 2012
Also, I think you would enjoy doing introduction to cryptography. It's intentionally easier, but might be different than your past classes.
That's ok, however the basic requirements have not been fulfilled yet.
EECS 280 is known to be a hard class
Enjoy your day.
Does AI-related courses sound interesting?
EECS484 is not a difficult course for most students.
Basic algorithms and data structures is what this is about.
Which major interests you?
What's your opinion on EECS 481 or EECS 477?
OK. Great! Do you have any additional questions?
What else can I do for you?
EECS285 is what it is
Are there any other questions by you?
the needed is covered by Engr101
Yes,because you are a senor and have completed eecs 281
The other MDE option that I would recommend is Introduction to AI
EECS 376 and EECS 373 are must take courses.
It's an algorithm class. It'll take a lot of time and be difficult, but will help you out later with getting a job because the content has to do with programming interviews.
Hello there! Is there something you'd like help with today?
When the course registration opens, you will be able to register for them at the usual time.
I believe that workload is possible for most students!

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 103:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
The class can be taken again if you fail.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
Hello, what can I help you with today?
what sport you interest in?
We actually don't have data for either of those class' meeting time. Try coming back later!
In the past, it has had class size around 80
Given your background, you may find it difficult to take the two courses in the same semester
What interests you as a freshman for your major?
Do you prefer courses in math or programming?
If you're considering something besides EECS, then Extreme Weather is said to be pretty cool.
A basic understanding of algorithms is required.
An elective for you is EECS 281
Do you have an interest in some game design classes?
I understand. You should take an Algorithm Course.
Okay, so what classes are you interested in for next semester?
Most students make the decision on 381 in their senior year. Don't fret about it now.
Moderate difficulty is found by most students.
What if I don't have the information you need?
It studies data structure and algorithms and it's got a heavy workload.
Greetings, Stefan
Do you have any other questions, or are we all done now?
You still lack some of the requirements to move on, so you must take more EECS courses.
Upper level courses require that you take 281 as a prerequisite.
Professor Strauss is one who helps moderately
I recommend that you take EECS 280 or EECS 183 after looking at your previous courses.
It says here that you have taken the Algorithms class, EECS 477.
We do offer a course in Theory of Neural Computation or EECS 633.
Before more upper level courses you could take EECS 370.
493 would be a lighter workload, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
Do you want to take MDE during next semester?
Have you considered EECS 588? It's more theory and paper based, however the professor has a reputation for being the best in his field.
It helps to complete your graduate requirements, too.
Due to your current workload, I'd recommend EECS376
Discrete Math is a pre-requirement for the CS major.
Based on your history, I really recommend Operating Systems and Database management.
The interactive computer graphics is the EEcs 487 and the user interface is eecs 493.
No problem.
In that case, what would interest you?
Do you need assistance?
Is your interest in Game Design?
Hi World!
Taking 14-16 credits is what I suggest, that's 3 or 4 classes.
When do you plan on taking EECS 281?
You are already a senior, and those are a lot of requirements.
Hello. What is your name?
What is your ideal difficulty for courses?
What can I do for you this morning?
Many people have the opinion that Databases (484) is a good general course which applies in many areas of CS.
What do you like to do?
Is there anything else you'd like to ask?
Is there an area within computer science courses that you are most drawn to?
What can I do to assist you?
Were EECS280 and EECS203 difficult to get through?
Since you have not yet completed EECS 281, I would recommend taking EECS 281. You may also take EECS 370 and EECS 376
Is there something in your head?
That will be fine, anything else?
As shown in worload survey, difficulty between EECS 481 and EECS 485 is pretty much the same.
Hello, Chong!  How can I help you?
Hi Mara! How are you doing today?
Are you interested most in Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, or Artificial Intelligence?
It will assist you in finding a future job.
Then I will suggest you to take EECS280 next semester if you are interested in CS.
Yes, spot on.
Sounds good.  What else are you curious about?
Ok, what kind of course do you want to take
I suggest 441 if you are interested in android app.
The teacher for it is Peter Honeyman
EECS 280 and EECS 203 are required.
What's your opinion on computer science?
If want an easy workload, I advise EECS 376
This course is not as easy as it seems.
To progress further, that isn't a CSE pre-major class, so it won't help you.
For an easiness rating, that course has a 3.
Alright, I would not advise taking EECS class 481 or 441, as both of those are senior level courses
Sure is!
Machine learning is also called EECS445.
Your welcome any time.
Given your background, EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization is too tough for you
I think you should sign up eecs482
Further details are as follows.
It's not very difficult.
Correct, but it'd be a lot of work.
It's Discrete Math.
the ethics class you speak of is EECS 496
Would you additionally be interested in software development?
you've already taken some moderate, manageable courses.
I prefer that you take EECS 481 and EECS 493.
Would you like to take EECS280?
Anyplace specific?
In a semester, how many programming courses would you be willing to take?
In that case my recommendation to you would be to take EECS 373
There are so many options available!  In order that I can narrow it down some and come up with a good fit for you, please tell me know about what you are looking for.
You meet the pre-req. Don't worry
I know you're good with Discrete Math, and I know just the course you should take.
Given that, next semester you should really take 281 and 370.
haha, I know these class are hard. So which one do you like more, software development or hardward
To help with 281, you need to have taken 280 and 203
Nope, no labs for either class.
Usually, the core class for interviews is 281.
Based on your interest in web applications, you might enjoy taking EECS 388 with EECS 485

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 104:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.

C. options-for-next:
Hope you do well. Adios.
You will do just fine!
For Machine Learning, you meet all prerequisites.
Most take 203 with 280 or before 280, but it won't be a problem for you to take it after 280
For the next semester, you could take EECS 281 - Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Going by your records, I would recommend EECS49 OR EECS485.
Yes! I might suggest EECS 373 which covers Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
Right then, what are your questions.
Many options are available to you.
Hey, how may I assist you?
Yes, the two classes aren't too hard. Relative to 281 they are quite a bit easier
It shouldn't be too difficult, the class is designed to make you enjoy programming and getting to know people.
Hello, how may I assist you?
I am uncertain of the class schedule for EECS203.
I hope next semester goes well.
In machine learning, students have successfully taken classes like Software Engineering or Web Databases.
You should take one of the two courses as they have a heavier workload and then EESC376 as it has an easier work course load
You are a senior and that is a lot to require of you.
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.
You need to take EECS 203
Did you take ENGR 101 already?
How are you , can I help you?
Okay, I suggest researching those classes and find what seems most interesting to you. Is there anything else I can help with?
Is there a subject matter you are interested in?
Are you alright with that?
Professor Ackerman teaches User Interface Development
There are several areas of software development, such as AI, machine learning, and website development. Are you interested in a specific one of these?
What do you prefer, web or software development?
alright, let me take a look at you prior courses
Terrific, have a good day!
Having considered your background and interests, I am recommending you take EECS 281.
Are you well?
They are both relatively low intensity classes.
Bye
What interests you more hardware or software?
One of the most difficult CS classes is EECS281. It's also extremely important because it is required before take nearly every upper level CS class.
What interests you?
EECS478 is good to look at if you like hardware.
Would you be interested in taking EECS 183 along with either EECS 203 or 280, or were you thinking of others?
I can assist you with that.
An elective for you is EECS 281.
EECS 281 and EECS 370 are heavy programming projects
are there any classes you want to talk about
The programming concepts are simple.
You have to take EECS281 before you can take operating system.
If you work hard you can learn a lot
I would recommend taking 280 and 203, since getting through both of these classes will make a greater amount of EECS classes available for you to sign up for in the following semester.
EECS 477 should be pretty easy for you, based on your background.
How did you feel about that class?
You will also need 16 credits worth of upper level electives, and an MDE.
Allow me to think...
It lasts an hour and a half and starts at 10AM.
Wonderful! Do you have any more inquiries?
This is a great backbone for the Computer Science major because you learn about the fundamental data structures.
Hi, what can I do to help you with today?
You must take 376 if you want to graduate.
Hello! What's new?
Tell me about the courses you prefer to take.
Take 281 if you want a big class.
It depends how you feel in EECS 370 whether you will find 373 hard or not.
What is robitics kinematics and dynamics
For EECS203, I do not know the course schedule.
It is my pleasure.
The course will alternate its professors between the CSE and ECE department, but I know Jia Deng is a good professor.
Take EECS484, that's my recommendation.
No problem, have a good one.
Based on what you have learned, I think EECS 281 is a good choice.
Not a problem.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, and have a great day!
Do you think Programming and Introductory Data would be better for you than Elementary Programing Concepts?
If you're interested in software development, this course will be a lot more helpful for you.
Hello! What can I help you with?
Freshmen should get a head start on EECS 280 immediately after 101; I highly recommend it!
I think well in EECS 203
What topics are you most interested in?
Hi! I'll be helping you today regarding your course schedule. Where would you like us to begin?
EECS 281 received a moderate rating for easiness.
About 100 students.
81.4 is not as big as EECS 281.
EECS 281 is like EECS 280, a class that you've already done. And EECS 370 would be like the next level up.
Most students like to take 280 and 183 during their second year.
I think EECS203 is great for you based on your background.
Based on your lack of previous courses, you should enroll in EECS 281 to learn about algorithm.
It looks like since you are a freshman and new to the major there are a few pre major classes you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
Basic techniques and algorithms required for future CS courses are taught is this course.
Are you planning on taking one of those classes the following semester?
Why is that?  Is your course load looking too busy next semester?
Are you interested in , What kind of topics?
May I assist further? It was nothing.
The degree of difficulty rating is 2.93.
You can sign up for electives in EECS once you get 281 out of the way, including possibly a few cpu hardware classes.
Operation System is the class.
Do you have an appointment?
You've already taken 492 before, so I think it's not necessary to take it again
Were you happy with your EECS 270 and EECS 370 classes?
Sounds like you have the schedule you wanted for next semester!
If you want, find out more information about EECS280
I would recommend taking EECS492, Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, if you are interested in AI.
EECS482 is Introduction to Operating Systems and EECS442 is Computer Vision.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 105:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

C. options-for-next:
Does Computer Science Major interests you?
You're welcome.
Have you accepted EECS381
You are on the right track. Make sure to keep in mind the other degree requirements that you need.
You've already taken 281, so why do you need transfer credit for?
These 2 classes are not very hard.
Is the advisor you?
If a difficulty rating of 2 is acceptable, EECS 478 is an option.
Before trying advanced eecs classes like EECS475, I recommend EECS281 and EECS370.
Ok, I will register down your name for these classes
With a score of 3.42/5, EECS183 is moderately difficult.
Is is great with you?
This class is a perfect starting point for novice programmers.
Hi! What can I do for you?
Bye-bye, Ok?
sup meng!
fine, have a good day
I'm asking because there are a few required classes you can take next semester.
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
As it opens up more class options sooner.
Unfortunately, I have no idea about what programming language is used in EECS 280.
My suggestion would be taking EECS 370 as this is the introductory course for computer hardware and EECS 485 which is the web development course.
Okay.  In high school did you take any ap programming?
Both EECS370 and EECS280 are the same in regards to being hard.
I'm sorry. I don't have information available on class times.
If you want to make a safe choice, EECS281, EECS376, and another 4 credit class might be a better option.
I suggest!
No problem, have a good day
EECS376, EECS370, and EECS281 are great courses if you wish to satisfy cs major requirements
I see that you still haven't taken EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, which is a prerequisite for CS.
370 is a medium workload class, while 281 and 475 are heavier.
Well, so far, you don't have anything earlier than 10:30.
A world of opportunities EECS 281 opens up.
Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I appreciate your help, I hope your day goes well.
Which of the two do you find more interesting: AI or databases?
I recommend taking 2 EECS classes each semester.
Consider enrolling in EECS 376, 370, and 281
Would you be interested in learning more about compilers?
Have you looked at the 470 course yet?
Alright. Do you major in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering?
More web development topics are covered by EECS 485.
I am happy to help.
Do you have anything else to ask?
You should take 281 next since you've already taken 280 and 183 and all three of those are required for the CS major.
You're welcome. Let me know if you need anything else.
I will see you later.
Does finance interest you more than EECS?
Double majoring with one of the majors being CSE will be very hard. If you are sure about your work ethic, it's doable, but i'd suggest doing a minor in classics, not a major
Don't worry, Techcomm and EECS 496 aren't as bad as you think
After reviewing your transcript I recommend that you register for the Fall 2011 semester in either EECS 470: Computer Architecture or EECS 478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization.
Both are required classes in order to graduate.
The other one is close to 50
There exists a game design class.
EECS 280 is quite similar to ENGR 101 you will be building on concepts that you learned in that class, this class has a higher clarity and helpfulness rating, which is great!
Awesome, are you interested in graphics or algorithms?
The course is good because it is helpful for learning hardware.
there are two core classes you can take next semester: EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms, and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization, though I don't have information on the course start and end time yet
For this semester, I recommend doing EECS376 and one of either EECS492 or EECS494 .
There is a possibility we will update later.
Looking at your previous courses, It's better if you sign up for EECS478.
I would recommend finishing 281 and 370 before getting into upper levels like EECS 475
Ok, goodbye!
EECS 492 has around 130 students which makes a difference in size compared to 481, where it only has 60-70 students.
Additional classes you have to take have a higher easiness rating that EECS203.
Would you like to register for EECS 183?
370 and 281 are both very helpful.
I think that is an allowable workload for most students!
Would you like me to elaborate further on either of those classes?
Does Programming and Introductory Data Structures or Elementary Programming Concepts seem better?
Is your audit applet available so we can look at it?
The workloads would be roughly the same.
What interests you the most?
It covers the principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing, particularly for digital logical design.
Taken a lot of EECS courses I see
I'm pleased to hear this.
Of course, no troubles!
Yes it is true that it is counted as a ULCS for Data Science.
It's okay, goodbye.
many upper level courses in your area requires the course EECS 281, so you should probably take that
Yes that's a better option. Please see me again if you need anything else.
Do you have a preference for small classes over large ones?
Next semester, are you planning on taking one of those classes?
No, you can't unfortunately.
Is there any more information you want to know about these or other classes?
I don't know what time this is, but I do know that it is a core class like 281.
The next course in the sequence is EECS281, since you've already taken EECS280.
The course is an introduction to data structures and algorithms.
For beginners, they are good CS courses because they are interesting and easy.
For your CS requirements, you only need 1 more upper level and your MDE.
My only guideline availability is EECS courses
You should take one of the harder classes in CS that is EECS 482 offered at 4:30 in the afternoon if you want a more difficult semester and also learn a lot.
I suggest you take EECS484.
I prefer you take EECS 281
The class on information retrieval is very small.
Check the course page if you are finding the syllabus.
There are a few more required classes you'll need to take to move forward with the CS major. EECS 280, 203, and 183 will be offered next semester.
Are there any questions that I can answer for you?
It's unfortunate, but I don't have the capability to make that decision.
Do you have a time of day you prefer?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 106:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Can your preferences be told to me by you.

C. options-for-next:
EECS 281 is hard, but not overwhelming. It has a score of 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey.
Taking EECS281 can open doors for you. Do you want low or high level programming?
It introduces concepts and methods for the design, creation, query and management of large enterprise databases.
If you're interested in statistics, I recommend Stats 415 and 470. They both have a light workload.
I think you will be interested by the topics in EECS492.
what are your interests within technology? Anything specific?
I'm not sure right now because the class has not yet been scheduled.
Generally students say 441 is not a very heavy class. Otherwise, I would suggest a non-cs class. you may want to fulfill some humanities/ss requirements.
Goodbye and have a good day.
Have a nice day and your welcome!
Ok! So how many courses do you see yourself taking?
You're welcome, have a nice day.
What would you like to do now?
My pleasure. Have a wonderful day!
Hello
It is your decision to try another EECS if you think you can handle the workload.
Alright. Anything more?
Sophomore should strongly consider taking EECS281.
You can take EECS477: Intro to Algorithms
I would recommend that you take EECS 281 according to your interest and background.
EECS485 is classified as reasonably easy.
You have yet to take course EECS 203.
Fine. I love you!
The helpfulness rating is 3.79.
This will be less difficult than EECS482 and EECS492.
If you want to be a software engineer or data scientist you should know some linear algebra and probability.
If you were to take 280 prior to 203 it might be more difficult because 203 provides information that will help you better understand the material in 280.
I think as a junior, you should take EECS 281.
EECS 485 is a good class for learning web dev.
EECS 475 Introduction to Cryptography will be fairly easy for next semester.
eecs 493 is a great course. A large number of students love eecs 487.
What classes are you most interested in?
How can I help you?
Since there will be greater opportunities to create automated learning systems, I advise you to take computer vision over VLSI.
You can also consider a math minor.
Take EECS492: Artificial Intelligence is what I suggest.
You may only use it for one criterion
It is a difficult class but you should be able to handle it.
Hello. Is there  anything you need for help?
You've completed EECS classes 183 and 280 already. The CS major requires those two and EECS 281, so you should take 281 next.
You will be able to take EECS electives once you're done taking 281, which could include some computer hardware courses.
The team you work in you can build about any micro-processor you'd like.
Hello! How may I help you today?
Thanks, you too!
I apologize but I'm an EECS advisor. Perhaps you should speak with an LSA advisor?
You can take one of the other EECS classes that are available to you, assuming you can manage the workload.
How about Computer Hardware courses?
Yes, tell me.
It would be good to take that class!
You will learn about optimizing code and different algorithms in 281.
Have a great day
Hi there! Can I help you with something now?
Sadly, it doesn't appear that there are any options next semester in web dev that you can take.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
You should take EECS484 first.
You're most welcome!
Very well then and have a wonderful day.
When chosing between math-oriented or programming courses which do you like better?
Glad I could help!
Most students take EECS376 after taking EECS 281 and EECS370
EECS 281 would be a good fit based on your preference.
You can take 370 alongside 281 as long as you don't mind doing two EECS classes in the same semester.
Do you have any interest in user interface development?
Which subject is more appealing to you, Cryptography or Data Structures?
What can I do to help today?
Not a problem.
EECS557's professor is moderately helpful
Has this class been a positive experience for previous students>?
Okay, what sort of areas of computer science are you interested in?
You might want to consider whether or not you'd be able to keep up with it next semester, because both classes are fairly challenging.
Yes, you can also take it in the summer and graduate in the summer
Were EECS280 and EECS203 hard?
It starts at 0:00:00.
What area interests you the most?
Because of your status and previous courses you do not have to take the harder course.
I see you have taken EECS281 and EECS370.
What are your interests in topics or fields?
Which do you prefer, improving your programming skills or mathematical foundations?
81.4 students on avg
What class size do you prefer?
Which grade are you in?
Sorry, I meant EECS 376 and EECS 370.
EECS 280 is much larger (around 167 every year), 203 is much smaller - around 55, and EECS 183 is about 124
Absolutely! what can I help you with?
All classes are around a 3 out of 5 on the easiness scale
I think that 203 and 280 would be good choices for you next semester.
Hi, what is going on?
Do you prefer a theory style of class or application.
May I help you?
That's EECS 492.
The Easiness Rating for EECS 492, Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, is 3.08, while the easiness rating for EECS 477, Intro to Algorithms, is 2. So EECS 477 would be easier
Are you interested in more information about any of these?
Can you tell me a bit about your areas of study?
You would have to take EECS 281 and also 2 upper level CS classes
I think you should select mobile app development, EECS 441.
Are algorithms an area of study that pique your interest?
Alright, any other questions?
I would suggest EECS477 if that's your area of interest.
It will commence at 10 in the morning and it won't end for about an hour and a half.
Well that depends on what you like. What has been your favorite class?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 107:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes

C. options-for-next:
Not a problem.
EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms runs on Tuesday/Thursday, if that sounds interesting.
I see you are a sophomore.
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
have you looked through the course guide to see the description for the upper level courses offered next term?
I see from your courses you have not taken EECS 203.
The best suggestion that I have for you as far as what class to take, would be EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts.
Good day student Kaushik
So in  this case, I can only help you with your EECS minor
Have you taken any courses in computer science?
Taking EECS 281 is a good idea.
what topic are you interested in?
Do you want to take EECS376, about foundations of computer science?
What do you want to learn
Does learning about algorithms interest you?
Both entail an average amount of work.
This class has an easiness rating of 3.25.
Would you like to take linguistics?
I suggest that EECS281
If you find Computation Theory more interesting than other subjects, you should take EECS203.
It isn't
Are you fond of the 300-level courses?
What do you think about taking EECS 203?
Sorry, a LSA advisor would be of more assistance than me because I'm an EECS advisor.
Then, I would suggest you to finish all your EECS course first.
You'll learn about optimizing code as well as different algorithms and their complexities in 281.
Thanks for coming by. Goodbye!
Order to complete your degree requirements
Definitely. If you find another medium level class to pair with them, you'll be all set.
Data Structures and Algorithms and Introduction to Computer Organization can be taken at the same time by you.
Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, EECS492 is recommended for those interested in AI.
EECS203 is a required course that covers materials necessary to continue CS study.
Are you searching for any computer software classes?
Hello student, hope you have a good birthday.
Hi! How can I help you today?
Okay that's perfect. I am glad I could be of help.
Aside from that you could take EECS 376.
both EECS 484 and EECS 485 are fairly easy though 485 has a lighter workload.
EECS489 is a bit easier, Computer Networks
I would recommend EECS 376, 370, and 281
How can I help you?
Are there any other questions you have?
Happy to hear that! Have you taken any courses involving hardware?
Take EECS 280 and 203 before adding any upper level classes.
The class is taught from 1:30 to 3:00 PM on Monday and Wednesday.
Like I said, they're both good workload given you're a junior. Neutral easy-ness level (around 3)
Got it... see you later.
You are well on your way in the CS major path. Should I recommend some classes to continue on that?
Can you tell me what you are interested in?
no worries. good night.
You may have to drop other courses to take this one.
Freshmen should start with EECS183
It appears the professor Scott Mahlke for EECS 370, is the most helpful.
eecs 70, eec 376 and eecs 281 is what you can take in fall.
EECS203 is not a difficult course and the workload is light.
With many time slots and lecture size averages of 84 and 92, these classes fit your criteria.
There aren't any recommended courses for you with web applications in the Web technology and Applications area, but there are courses in the Software Development area that would help you with web applications.
You will have the right skills since you have taken a few 500 level courses before.
EECS 183 is not required because ENGR 101 has been completed
Great! If you don't have any more questions, have a nice day!
How can I assist you today?
There is an above average workload in the course, but the difficulty is average.
What courses did you like up to this point?
Hi! What can I assist you with today?
Foundations of Computer Science is the name of the class.
So what does interest you being that you didn't like the other option?
Can I help you with something else?
Do EECS373 Microprocessor Board systems interest you?
I think you could get a more accurate idea by checking the workload survey results at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/.
The course is one and a half hours, 4 credits, and is taught by Dr. Brehob on Tuesday and Thursday.
It's easy!
Take a look at EECS 280, EECS 203 and EECS 183.
Are you still around?
When you take this class, you take the advances classes the following semester.
Though there are generally several sections of each, so you must be able to pick one that works for you.
A great deal of these classes are more applied, but courses with a greater theoretical component would be 492, 477, and 482
Greetings, is everything okay with you?
It is only semi difficult with a score of 2.8 out of 5 so with this being your only engineering class you will be fine
Do you want to learn more about that?
Is there a way I can help?
Taking EECS may interest you, but only if you are free in the afternoon.
Hi! How are you doing today?
In my opinion, 484 would be good for databases and 494 would be good for developing games.
Have a good day too
With your level of programming experience, EECS 280 might be too hard.
It would be recommended to take either EECS 484, Database Management Systems, or EECS 485, Web Database and Information Systems.
I'm happy the decision was easy for you.
You are additionally required to do upper level electives for 16 credits along with an MDE.
Keep working at it.  You'll get it!
hello, how can i help you with?
How could I help you?
Is theoretical computer science among your interests?
You go to school thus you are an able student, so yes.
Excellent, is there anything I can help you with?
I can see that you finished EECS 281 and 370.
Hello, How can I come to your help?
EECS 203 is a good class you can take with 280
As it is a required class, this class normally has larger size
No worries. Goodnight.
How interested are you about computer software?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 108:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
for most computer science classes, including game design Eecs 280 is a prerequisite

C. options-for-next:
Can I get you information on one of them?
It looks like you still need 218.  I recommend you take 281 this semester.
Out of the programming courses taked so far, which did you enjoy the most?
For databases I would suggest 484 and for developing games I would suggest 494.
Maybe you can minor in math.
As far as your preferences, what is the difficulty range?
Not a problem! Please tell me if you have any other questions?
Hello, what can I do to help you?
Since you  already took 280, 281 would be a good next choice.
Hi.
A terribly run class EECS 376 is.
EECS might be hard, but you can do it!
i woul recommend taking EECS280 after looking at your coursework
I thank you for your patience
Nice! the majority of people follow up that class with EECS 280
For learning, there is always topics
Hi, why are you here
It was a really high helpfulness rating, 4.07
Being one of the most beneficial upper level courses, EECS 482 is a little bit harder among students. EECS 281 and EECS270 are much easier.
People who want to take another EECS class in addition to 281 should take 376 because 376 is not a project-based course like 281 and 370.
However, this class is not a CSE pre-major course, so it won't help you to progress further in the major.
I require more payment for my times.
EECS370 is an overview course designed to give a basic understand of computer execution.
Popular courses tend to be useful to students.
Since it's fundamental for computer science, taking EECS 281 first would be best.
You won't be able to manage time between those three classes. I don't see that it would be efficient.
Since you've completed MTH 105 and 115 I think you'll be well-prepared for EECS 203.
Which of the two hard classes do you like more, software development or hardware?
Yes! I might suggest EECS 373 which covers Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
This is algorithm. While it will be challenging and take some time, it is definitely help your job search because much of the content will come up in your programming interviews.
The title is Web Database and Information Systems
I understand that you have finished EECS 492.
What do you enjoy doing?
Ok, you will be registered for these classes.
You are very much welcome, see you later.
I recommend takings other easy courses along the way. The workload will be heavy if you take these two courses together.
Are you the student who made the appointment?
This class's goal teaches students about basic components of a software life-cycle.
Which math courses have you taken?
Both of the courses are fairly easy.
Hello!
Hey, what did you need assistance with?
Have a good day!
It will be an easy class because it eecs407 is only one credit.
The number is EECX285.
Among computer game design, user interface development or mobile development which one do you prefer?
If youd like to try, you may.
Hey Student
You only have to take two more EECS classes, but don't you want to take more?
This course encompases not only basic algorithm analysis but foundational data structures and basic algorithms as well.
would you want to  do EE, CE or CS? what about a combination?
There are mostly, 99.6 students in that class.
Great!
No worries, it's cool.
Great, are you into graphics or algorithms?
afternoon class time is wednesday
There are a number of other upper level courses
Most students like to take 280 and 183 during their second year.
I can assist you with that.
I recommend that you take that based on your class size preference.
470 is part of the 6 class options that need to be taken concurrently to graduate for your MDE requirement.
I know you're good with Discrete Math, and I know just the course you should take.
EECS 482 is my recommendation.
If you're looking for a great security class, I recommend EECS 388, introduction to security
Which major fields are you most interested in.
No problem!
You're a bit behind the point you should be at for your major.
Is the advisor you?
I would advise against taking any other EECS classes next semester, that would be a heavy workload.
You've completed EECS classes 183 and 280 already. The CS major requires those two and EECS 281, so you should take 281 next.
You need to finish the other classes first.
A prerequisite is required for this course.
I would take 280 next if I were you.
No problem!
Okay, then, have a good day
You probably want to combine 370 with 281 next semester.
On Monday and Wednesday are you available?
Is there anything more?
Was there anything difficult about EECS 203?
In my opinion, you should sign up for it.
EECS381 has a moderately helpful professor and a class size of 41.33.
EECS 281, 370, and 376 are all required CS classes you should do.
Helping you has made my day.
Correct, you want a light workload.
I'm sure you will find EECS 186 a lot easier since you've taken ENGR 101.
What time of day suits you best?
for most computer science classes, including game design Eecs 280 is a prerequisite
Is improving your programming skills or your mathematical foundations more important?
Are foundational or advanced courses more of your interest?
Are you part of a study group?
Given that you continue on your current track of EECS classes you are actually ahead as a freshman!
One moment while i check for you.
It is the most important for you to take EECS 281.
Take Eecs203, if you want to take most Eecs classes it's a prerequisite.
Interesting. Question?
EECS 373 is held in the morning on Wednesday and Friday. EECS 492 is held in the afternoon, and EEC 484 is an evening class.
It starts in 9 minutes
This class is about introduction to mathematical foundations for computer science.
Is EECS281 class difficult?
It has about 100 students.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 109:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me look at your transcript real quick.

C. options-for-next:
I highly suggest you take EECS492, Introduction to Machine Learning, if you are interested in AI.
I'd suggest six to eight hours each week, outside of class.
Have a wonderful evening.
What can I do to assist you today?
Sounds great!
How can I help you?
That is something I would recommend taking.
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript
Professor of Cryptography is Kevin Fu who has great clarity and helpful rating.
Seeing that you have already taken MTH 105 and 115, EECS 203 shouldn't be a problem for you
The easiness rating is 3.24
To find an internship, companies may require you to take this course.
This is the first course on cryptography.
Based on previous year's feedback, EECS280 is more hard than EECS203
I don't know whether they are morning class or not.
How's this?
Yes, you got it, 280 is the pre req
What other classes would you prefer?
They don't define the workload for that class so I can't tell you. Another option is EECS 482.  It shows that it has a clarity rating 4.2/5 and is offered at 4:30 in the afternoon.
Make the best of sunrise to sunset.
Then I think that EECS 281 would be a good fit for you.
EECS 441 is a pretty light and easy MDE that is for web and mobile development.
Let me look at your transcript real quick.
Are there topics you enjoy?
You will learn about basic data structures and basic algorithms, like recursive algorithm, greedy algorithms, etc.
Neat! What may I help you with today?
What brings you to these neck of the woods this fine evening?
I suggest 441 if you are interested in android app.
Do you want a heavy or light workload next semester?
Students are welcome
What is your tittle preferenc?
Class EECS 491 is held on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 10:30 in the morning until 12 noon.
We have a class offered in OS, It is our introductory OS class EECS 482.
It could be a good introduction to other courses as well in the software development area
Hi Varsha!  How are you and how can I help you?
What subjects do you like?
I'm so happy I could assist.
For next semester's classes, do you need help with the registration?
Good to see you. What can I do for you?
How can I be of assistance?
Could I help you?
I am sorry, that was an accident.
Does it work for you?
Do you have an interest in things like systems, hardware, theory, or software engineering?
The class involves a lot of math so if your knwloedge in linear algebra or statistics is limited you will notice it is a lot of work.
Thank you for getting in touch with me, bye!
With a score of 3.78/5, EECS183 is taught fairly easy.
Are there any particular areas of computer science that you're interested in?
The other MDE option that I would suggest is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
The workload is elevated in my opinion.
The class, how large would you like it to be?
Perfect, then it would be suggested by me that you take 485, it's called web databases
How can I help you? How are you?
Wonderful, I wish you well with your education!
Yes, as far as Data Science that counts as a ULCS.
For opening up other classes, it is a good idea to complete it
If you need anything else, come back.
Given your history, it should be easy for you.
In order to perform well in the classes you have to start your projects early because the workload is so substantial.
EECS 492 is 4 credits.
An operating systems course is EECS482
Does that interest you much?
Ideally you should have linear algebra experience
It may be too much. EECS 183 covers a lot of the same material as ENGR 101.
Once you complete those courses you'll need to take EECS 370, 281, and 376 next.
You get 4 credit for the class.
If you're unable to squeeze all of those courses into your schedule, you still should be able to finish the Minor.
3. You work in a team to build almost any time micro-processor based project that you'd like
I see you have taken EECS 281. I recommend that you should take both EECS 370 and 376 next semester
In what area of computer science are you interested in taking classes?
One of your heavy workload classes should be EECD 281.
Credit wise your are on tack.
Do you have a stronger interest in high or low level programming?
Considering your information, it looks like you should complete the prerequisite this semester before you take EECS489, which can be taken later.
Alright. Do you have additional questions?
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.
If you want to take 549, I suggest you to drop someting else
Well for the CS major you need to take EECS 183, 280, and 281. I see you have already taken 280 and 183 so next up for you should be 281
Because you're taking the psychology class, I wouldn't take 281, 370, and 376.
Do any of those sound fun to you?
Next semester, you should take EECS281 and EECS370.
total size for 81
Yes, it is a far reaching population.
Linear algebra can be useful in many fields of computer science and machine learning.
EECS 482 is perfect for you!
This can be somewhat hard.
Why did you not like that course?
Taking into consideration your student status and record, which one of the two most interests you?
Wonderful, and yourself?
fine, have a good day
I have seen your transcript and I find that you have to take EECS 484 to graduate.
The EECS 376 easiness rating is 1.91.
Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is class EECS 492, but I'm curious if you would want to take that.
Challenging courses are EECS545 and EECS592.
Wonderful! Does web development interest you?
You're most Welcome!
Did you already take both of those classes together last semester?
What classes are you interested in?
That choice sounds great!
student, hello.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 110:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also required and you are not allowed to take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
Depending on how you did in Engr101, you should be ready to take EECS280. If you felt comfortable with coding, especially in C++, than you should be more than ready for EECS280
This course is a 4
The class assignments are fairly effortless.
the primary focus of this course is theory and application of matrix methods to signal processing, data analysis and machine learning
Do you love  computer games?
99.6 is the EECS482 class size.
I'd highly recommend taking EECS 281;
Your major would be helped along by it also.
If you think you can handle it, go for it.
There is no information on Workload EECS485 or EECS484.
What is it about EECS485?
It's compute networks and security.
The EECS281 class is made up of 81 students.
it is not a particularly difficult class
Go forward.
So this will help you in getting a good grade in your 280 course.
That is a requirement for upper courses.
Class 376 is required.
The only class in that area is EECS 485: Web Database and Systems.
Clayton D Scott is the professor. Have you heard of him?
Given your student status and prior record, tell me which two of those are most interesting to you
Since they are  pre-reqs for many other EECS courses, take EECS 281 and EECS 203 as soon as possible.
What can I do to help you?
If the classes you took about computer system architecture were to your liking the the courses EECS 582 or EECS 570 might be of interest.
I apologize, young scholar.
It runs from 3-5 pm.
2.69 is the clarity rating for this course.
Allow me to ponder...
My pleasure. Enjoy your day.
Eecs 183, eecs 203, and stats 250 can be taken together next semester.
Can I help you with something today?
That would be a good final project.
No. It is moderate.
3 core requirements are required to finish.
Would you like me to expound further on either of those classes?
Great! You do not quite have all of your courses finished.
The team you work in you can build about any micro-processor you'd like.
you're welcome. any other questions?
In introduction to logic design, what grade did you receive?
Cutting-edge EECS topics are varied.
Can you manage the workload for the courses you have taken?
Okay! You are in the right spot.
Good luck!
Hi, I'm Akash
Nice. Have a good day.
Of course. What questions do you have?
hi
It sounds like a great choice!
How well can you manage your time?  if higher workload isn't a problem, you should probably take 370 and 376.
You should take EECS 376 and EECS 370 as your core classes.
What you have to say about your course selection for next semester?
What was not liked by you about that class?
Design of Microprocessor Based Systems
Hello!
Are you interested in taking more upper level CE classes since I see you have already taken several?
When looking at the workload, both are treated fairly neutral.
Yes, if each course is 4 credits, then 3 courses would work.
Do you have a preference in class difficulty?
I suggest getting the core requirements done as soon as possible.
Not a problem, have a great day.
All right then.  What other questions do you have?
Another course that isn't project based is EECS 376
Yes, EECS441 is Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs, it is one of the harder electives but there is no discussion or lab sections so less of a time commitment. It is only 3 credits, also.
Are there any questions that you still have?
All four of those are difficult, have you taken hard classes before?
Hello! How can I help you?
EECS545 is an example of a great choice.
If you are interested in hardware/architecture, I would suggest 470 for your ULCS, but this is a very hard class.
I think EECS203 would be great for you, based on your background.
Your completion of both prereqs means you should take 281 next semester.
I see you've taken some math classes, and I was wondering if you were interested in math.
This class seems easier based off your past courses.
Did you have fun in that class?
Based on what I see here, I suggest you take EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms
We do not have the information at this time.
Web development and information systems are covered in EECS 485.
Please tell me, what is your area of interest?
Thank You, Bye.
EECS442 is Computer Vision and EECS482 is Intro to Operating Systems
The instructor is pretty clear in explaining concepts, I know him.
I can't confidently say, but GSIs help a lot from what I've heard.
Any interest in computer software?
For your next semester, it would be a good idea to take EECS 280.
Ok, sounds good. Have a nice day!
Yes. Do you have any problems?
EECS183 would be my recommendation when considering your preference on class size.
It depends on how much work you're willing to get involved with 478, 370, and 281 since they are relatively busy schedule
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
My recommendation, if that is the case,  would be EECS482.
That shouldn't make a difference for now. You may have to take more electrical engineering classes in the future. For now I think you should take EECS 281 and EECS 376  and 370 if you think you can handle it.
Eecs 281 is also required and you are not allowed to take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
Based on your previous experience, I recommend EECS484
Based on your history, taking both courses at the same time might be a challenge for you.
Rise and shine!
Can you also decide on a cs elective as well?
I would advise taking humanities or language courses.
want to get your Major course requirements  enroll in either EECS 370 or EECS 376
I think that the work load of class 281 and 370 are too high to be taken together.
Hello
Yes, you are right, 584 no longer sounds like the right option.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 111:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it I should perfectly manageable

C. options-for-next:
prof always looking in upper levels
Yeah, those classes are heavy in math. And since you still need to take calc 3 i suggest you save it for the winter.
Three seventy six is fair if you're good at mathematical proof skills but otherwise it requires a lot of time.
There is seating for approximately 64 students.
Thank you for stopping by. Bye!
Awesome. Have a great day!
Have a good day!
Would you also be taking 3 other non EECS classes along with EECS 370 and a ULCS course?
Interesting! Tell me more!
oh nice, do you want a more solid coding skill or you want to learn something about machine learning
Though many students like eecs 487 course, even eecs 493 is a good one.
Based on your grad requirements, I think you will still need to take 281.
EECS 281 will suit you fine for your junior year.
Hi! How can I help you today?
There are a number of morning classes.
Yes you can view EECS 280.
EECS280 is Programming and Introductory Data Structures
So in terms of opening up other classes, it is a fine idea to take it
I think you should take the EECS595 graduate level course.
Hey, how may I help you today?
I can assist you. Making a schedule is not easy.
You're welcome, I hope I answered everything.
The Pre-requisite for EECS 281 is EECS 203.
Hello did you get this message?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
It would be important that you take the EECS484
Base on your record, eecs183, eecs203 will be a nice choice
Have you accepted EECS381
It goes form 3 to 5 in the afternoon.
Hello, what can I help you with today?
I'll have to get back to you, I don't know about the flextech requirement
Is there anything else that i can help you with?
It appears you have yet to take any.
Have a wonderful night.
EECS 447 is Algorithms and EECS 481 is Software Engineering. I am glad you asked.
Yeah, you do have it, the prereq is 280
What are your feelings toward large class sizes?
Do you want to take CS classes next semester?
Are you self driven to learn
Hello, what can I do for you today?
I see. However, you need to take the prerequisites first.
No, both of these courses have no labs.
You're very welcome. Hope you do well in the classes!
My recommendation is to take it.
Yes. Of course! Based on your interests I would recommend EECS 481 Software Development.
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it I should perfectly manageable
It's unfortunate, but I don't have the capability to make that decision.
Are there topics you enjoy?
What do you need help with today?
The EECS 280 class is a requirement of many computer engineering courses.
Yes, take a seat please.
Sure, are there any particular classes you are interested in?
A minute to think is what I need you to give me.
The class typically sees 40 students enroll and is worth 4 credits.
Class EECS 373 is the smaller one.
Are you interested in computer science since i see you have taken a lot of engineering and math classes.
are there any classes you want to talk about
370 has a fair workload., but it is easier than 281 and 475
thanks for chatting with me, have a good Monday
What interests do you have regarding topics?
Scott Mahlke, the professor for EECS 370 sppears to be the most helpful/
The class occurs in the morning.
Database management systems, web database and information systems could be mentioned here.
do you need help registering for classes
What can I do to help today?
The main difference is that 376 is about computation theory and 370 is about computer and operating system.
In introduction to logic design, what grade did you receive?
Hello there, student
Due to your background, finding advanced programming classes is difficult.
It's really not a problem.
How about some entry level class?
It requires a lot of work. You can also take EECS 481, Software Engineering, with EECS 376.
EECS281 sounds like a good fit for you, according to your choices.
That would not be wise, if at all possible, consider taking only 2 of the 4.
Hoping you succeed, bye bye.
No. You have to take 281 before taking it as that is a prerequisite. But do keep that in mind as in both semesters it may not be offered
You are invited to try it
I am fine.  Is there something I can help you with?
Or correction, I mistyped. It is 183 which is taught by Professor Dorf and is a close runner up.
If you enjoy EECS 100, then  I'd recommend EECS 183.
Specifically what questions do you have?
Nice evening!
Although this class would be theoretical than 281. You should keep that in mind.
It results in concepts and methods for the design, creation, query and management of large enterprise databases.
You will notice that the information will be on Wolverine access while you are registering.
3 credits is what it's worth
If that's it, have a nice day!
Is there anything I can help you with?
Welcome!
Then I'd suggest 203 and 280 then.
Natural language processing is the same as machine learning.
Is there something I can help you with?
It is rated 2.5 on easiness
Is EECS280 or EECS183 preferred?
Are you preparing yourself for engineering?
You must take 376 if you want to graduate.
You have to take EECS203 first.
I would say 492 would be good, and 381 as well.
Nice seeing you Yize.
The easiness rating for this class is 3.25

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 112:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.

C. options-for-next:
Two upper level CS classes is sufficient, but I do not suggest taking more than two EECS courses at the same time.
EECS 281 is a challenging class, but not overwhelmingly so. It is a 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey.
Would you like help with picking classes that complement this background?
You have also taken tech comm 300 and TCHNCLCM 497 is a continuation to that.
Logic Circuit Syntheses and Optimization is 478
Hello, what is up?
It's of average easiness.
Yes, absolutely.
Do you have something in your mind?
You can take EECS376 and EECS370 also.
Also, EECS376 will be necessary soon so I wonder if you want to take two different CS courses
Are you a computer science major?
You have already taken EECS, which yes, you should of.
One good option is EECS 492.
Fantastic. Do graphics or algorithms interest you?
You could always take 370 or 478.
I can see that you have taken EECS281 and EECS370.
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.
You've already fulfilled all requirements related to both classes
If you want a lighter load, EECS 376 has one and it's required.
Other than that, a different class you could take is EECS 376
Well if there is no other questions good bye.
I don't know details, but it's a core class like 281.
Greetings recipient of education.
For 445, you will need to use linear algebra and statistics.
Computer science sounds outstanding.
What classes are you interested in?
Your course history tells me that you don't have much programming experience.
EECS 481 is about pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, dealing with structuring principles, design methodologies and informal analysis.
EECS 376 stands for Foundations of Computer Science and acts like an extension of EECS 203.
You should definitely take EECS 281 next semester
Sure, but I need to know what classes you want to take?
According to your transcript you need to take EECS 484 in order to graduate.
Take EECS 183 and EECS 203 in that case.
What is your year?
Greetings Weilun
280 would help you figure out the specific fields if you aren't sure about them.
Most people take 2 EECS classes, but some people take 3 if they like getting no sleep. It depends mostly on how fast of a programer you are.
Did you already take any course?
Hello, can you tell me how you are doing?
EECS 484 is Database Management Systems.
AI has a very important course,EECS445.
Does that class sound like it would be interesting?
Alright. Even though EECS 281 is a 10:30 AM class, it might be a better choice than EECS 376..
I've looked over your transcript, and ask whether you like Introduction to Computer Organization or Computer Architecture better?
Go no further than EECS 281! It is a challenging class, but definitely relevant to your interests!
Are you interested in a major in CS?
I would recommend EECS 482.
Is there something you need?
EECS 441 a mobile app development class, has a reputation as being and easy upper level class.
So you have a ton of options, you're a sophomore.
Eecs493 will be a good class if you have an interest in front-end developement and need upper level CS credits.
Based on your previous course and the experience, you will have to take more EECS courses.
For class what size do you prefer?
These classes have an average lecture size of 84 and 92 respectively, and there are many classes at different times, so they do fit your criteria.
Do you want to look at the list of intellectual breath classes available to you?
A web development and information systems class is EECS 485.
You meet the requirements for both of the classes
wonderful day sir
I don't know, you'll have to consult the course guide. However, EECS 376 is definitely an option in the summer.
what are the math requirements?
Assuredly.
I reccoment EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts for you.
I would be happy to. What are your expectations for your last semester? Do you want an easy schedule or hard schedule?
EECS 280 teaches you the basics needed for web technology and applications, but does not directly cover those skills. Have a wonderful day!
Let me help you with that.
Yes, how can I help you?
If you enjoy EECS 100, then  I'd recommend EECS 183.
There is a lot that you can learn from that class I think.
Hi Shan! How may I be of assistance?
Yes, those courses are available.
I think you should take THTREMUS 101, Intro to Acting
For EECS477, the workload is medium.
I am not very sure, you will have to check that with the course guide. I know that EECS 376 is offered during the summer.
What do you need help with today?
I would suggest finishing EECS 203 rapidly so it's possible to declare the CS major.
EECS 203 Discrete Math, which is a pre major course, is something you must complete.
Describe your problem
That information is not available at the time.
That's crazy, I don't think it's a good idea to take these three classes at the same time,  you need to meet the requirements anyway.
But the class it has is large.
There are possibly not any classes that you can currently take that relate to linguistics. After you take EECS 280 and EECS 203, and in later semesters EECS 281, there may be such opportunities.
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prior to most Eecs classes.
270 is an optional prereq for 370, and most people who have taken 270 before 370 reported that 370 was much easier.
EECS281, EECS376, and EECS370
Considering your interests, I would suggest your taking EECS 485.
EECS,381, known for being a hard class, was also rated as such in course ratings.
Every semester I recommend two EECS classes.
In the next semester, I hope you do well.
For an EECS major both classes are required
I would really urge you to take EECS 281.
You may look up past ratings at http://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/all_survey.2016.htm.
2.69 is the course rating
Which one is the course for processor architectures?
So this would help facilitate doing well in 280, Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
You do have many options!
You are able to move on to EECS 281.
Are you interested in courses in the afternoon?
This could turn out to be a challenging semester, however think it through
Hello, what do you want to know?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 113:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Can you tell me what do you prefer?

C. options-for-next:
Based on your history, it should be easy for you.
370 has a comparable, moderate workload to 280, it is doable.
485 is harder than some classes, but it is a great option.
Yes, those are courses that you can take.
Next semester both EECS 492 and 442 are being offered, which are in the intelligent systems area.
The historical easiness rating of it is 2.23.
You are welcome talk to you later.
Because many students reflected that the work load of 281 was heavy. The course has homework each week, several small projects and a large group project.
Usually taking 281 with 370 is the preferred route.
I am sorry about that, but we don't have a small size class for this.
Hello!
It's like EESC203 advanced version
Great, are you into graphics or algorithms?
Thrilled I could help
Greetings!
Oh, OK. So you only want 400 courses. Let me take a look.
You can take EECS 203 at the same time as EECS 183.
Welcome, student!
Are there any particular topics you would be interested in?
Everyone knows EECS203 is a relatively easy course.
That is a LOT of work. I'd advise taking two of those courses at the most, but if you think you can handle the workload, then go for it.
You still need EECS 376 and EECS 281 as prerequisites
Can I provide you with some assistance?
I think Eecs 280 should be required before taking computer science or game design.
The professor for EECS557 is also moderately helpful.
What kind of upper levels are you interested in?
It will give you a basic introduction to algorithm analysis and O-notation, both are very important for your future study in this field.
Did you like EECS classes?
Any specialization you'd choose will benefit from taking this course.
I'm happy to do it.
Okay, see ya!
Why, hello!
No, you are cool!
EECS484 is what you should choose in my opinion.
Hi ~
For the Artificial Intelligence Area, EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence is the only Depth Star course.
EECS 482 is a low to moderate courseload.
My suggestion is that you finish all your EECS course first.
Both lessons are also 4 credits.
What subjects interest you?
Discussion sections and final projects apply to three of them on your list.
There are several core classes that you must take before you can take any computer hardware courses.
If you can't decide, I think it would be best to just take EECS 183 and see what you think.
Is there something that I can help with?
It looks like you need to do your pre-reqs first
Ok, allow me to see your previous classes.
No worries. Goodnight.
Also you can look into picking a cs elective too
Are you fine with that?
In my opinion, you can do well.
What is the major you want to enroll in?
EECS 370 is based on  computer organization & EECS 376 is about the foundation of computer science.
Do you like software engineering, systems, etc.?
The class covers a lot of topics, but the material is not that hard because it is an introductory class.
Regarding MDEs, do you have preference in them?
No, EECS280 is a pre-requisite for EECS281, along with EECS203. You will have to do both of those courses to take EECS28
EECS is for comp. vision while eecs is an into to operating systems.
What classes can we discuss together?
I'm terrific! What can I help you with?
You'll need to start planning early if you want to double major or something, because CSE is a major that necessitates a lot of credits.
You should take EECS 281 and EECS 370 in the same semester.
A lot of students decide to take those 2 classes at the same time.
What would you want to do next?
That is sufficient.
Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization is what it is.
There's a few pre major courses you need to take before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281 since you're a freshman and new to the major.
In my opinion, if you like AI go for EECS492, Introduction to Machine Learning.
No problem. Have a great day.
I am not able to help to much with Electrical Engineering but i can be of assistance with Computer Science.
I assist you further today can?
It seems like you are get set for engineering.
The teacher for this course is Mark W B Brehob.
The class is just a recommended prerequisite
As the first programming course, it is what most computer science majors will take.
Can you tell me what do you prefer?
Do you want to take additional CS courses or different types of courses?
Good afternoon, how are you today? What can I do to help you?
Perhaps you should take a different technical elective you're interested in rather than taking specific upper level EECS courses.
Have you completed and of the core requirements?
Great! EECS 280 is the follow up course most students take.
I highly favor that you enroll in them simultaneously.
Is that fine?
You have taken EECS 281 and you've expressed interest in database, I'd recommend EECS 484.
What's your opinion on EECS 481 or EECS 477?
It is a normal course for the field of computer science
Yes, most students sign up for those classes together. You also took EECS 270, so EECS 370 won't be as hard.
You could choose EECS 493
Math 214 is required if you have taken Math 216.
EECS591 would be another choice.
No, neither of these courses have laboratories
What I would say is that you should just start taking 281 with it now, because you'd want that out of the way to take other courses.
482 is very heavy workload, i would go for a lighter class with it
EECS 477 should be pretty easy for you based on your background.
Hello
It would be the clearest of all the EECS courses you have taken so far.
The only courses you can take this semester are EECS 281, 370, or 376 since you have only taken EECS 280 and 203.
Greetings, scholar!
Okay, I will research those classes and see what interests you the most if I were you, is there anything else you need>
The class gives 4 credits.
There are a ton of paid research opportunities that I would look into pursuing! If you liked 370, you might really enjoy research involving artificial intelligence and machine learning. Jenna Weins would be a great person to contact.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 114:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.

C. options-for-next:
In terms of interest, what topics are you looking at?
For your class style, do you prefer a theory or an application?
Programming may be easier, but Microcomputer classes are more what you're looking for.
Also 281 and 376 are more manageable
I suggest EECS478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimizations
Good luck with your exams
Machine learning is also called EECS445.
Both EECS370 and EECS370 are required for a degree in Computer Science and to open up other upper level CS classes.
It is hard, but you might be able to finish if you take summer classes and do at least one semester next school year.
It's in the afternoon.
They could be a whole bunch of things, such as fun 2 credit courses like pottery.
JAVA CODING INTERESTED TO STUDY FOR ME.
Good way of enjoying senior life
see you!
Yes. Your strength in C++ does make sense.
Is Machine learning something that you would be interested in?
Are large classes or small classes your preference?
You may, but there are basic requirements you have not fulfilled.
Can I be of any assistance?
It could prove difficult to take either 376 or 370 with 281, however it really depends and what you want as a workload.
It is recommended that seniors take EECS 482, EECS 485, and EECS 487.
Is it workable to complete EECS 370 before EECS 281, however it will take more work to complete over EECS 376.
Both are harder than average courses by a slight margin.
EECS 493 has a 2.93 and EECS 481 has a 3.25 score for an easiness rating.
You need both classes to graduate
If you don't want something too hard, You should take EECS 376
You could take some econ minor requirements with it, possibly.
Sounds great.
That special topics class that's offered sounds pretty exciting.
If you prefer an easier workload, I recommend you to take EECS 376.
EECS 441 would benefit you.
EECS281 will open up more upper level CS courses, so if you only choose one I would prioritize signing up for that one.
Do you need help with anything else?
I have no information , but I have a hunch he's great
In your opinion, is 280 difficult?
What are your preferences in terms of class difficulty?
Interesting! Tell me more!
Great! Have a good day!
A really good class is 203.
EECS 281,370,376 are all core cs classes you should take
Yes I can. To help finish up your requirements you should probably take EECS370.
Do you want to take an easier class along with these ones?
Do you prefer difficult classes?
Yes, there are three software classes you can take. I would suggest EECS 203 to start.
Absolutely!
This semester you should take  EECS183 and EECS280 .
However, it is suggested that you take a linear algebra course such as MATH 214 or 217. It isn't required, but you should have at least some knowledge of linear algebra.
It is great to hear that.
That was no problem!
Although, If you are going to take Machine Learning, I would suggest taking Intro to Artificial Intelligence
you have plenty of alternative
William C Rounds is the instructor.
Awesome. I propose you begin with a few core classes.
You should know that EECS 281 is a challenging class. Lots of students won't take another EECS class alongside 281 because the workload is so high.
You may enjoy EECS 183 if you liked EECS 100.
What else can I help you with?
Ok. Based on your situation, I suggest you take EECS489 later and first take the prerequisite in this semester.
A databases course with respect to web apps is EECS 485.
1.91 is the easiness rate for 376.
Intellectual breadth classes are often good to take when you have other courses with heavy workloads
Bye
A good pick for you might be 441
Correct, since you would like your workload to lighten.
In order to perform well in the classes you have to start your projects early because the workload is so substantial.
280 is a nice class.
It is my hope that you also learned some computer science.
I recommend EECS484 based on your previously taken courses.
You already took Math216, so I do not retake it
I think you should choose EECS477, since that is what field you are interested in.
I'd be glad to help, of course
Young scholar I apologize
This course is about theory and application of matrix methods to signal processing, data analysis and machine learning
Is there a big selection to pick from?
Is there any other questions i can help with?
What about the math requirements?
You will find this useful for your degree.
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.
The history of game design, animations, sprites and games will be taught as well as methods and concepts of making video games.
If I were you, I would take EECS281 and EECS370 next semester.
Since EECS 549 focuses on information retrieval, I will recommend that to you also.
482 teaches you many topics important for operating system design and implementations. You learn multi-tasking; concurrency and synchronization; inter-process communication; deadlock; scheduling; resource allocation; memory and storage management; input-output; file systems; protection and security.
A core course to take is this one.
From what I know know 584 may not be the best option.
Hello!
Did you like the information about EECS484?
Since you're a sophomore, you can take a variety of classes.
Hey! I'm doing good. Yourself?
Next semester are there any particular types of courses that you would like to take?
Are you doing a double major?
Your MDE in the next 2 semester plan to graduate
It sounds like you would enjoy taking EECS 441 (Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs) and EECS 571 (Principles of Real Time Computing).
Oh yea! Go for it buddy!
In order to take most CS Upper Levels, you need to completely EECS 281 and EECS 370.
Actually I am an engineering advisor.
Welcome student
Sure, I expect you can take 203 and 280 directly.
What can I do to help?
It covers applications and web technology also.
what information are you basing your selections on?
Do you want help with anything else?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 115:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you want to take game design and other computer science courses then Eecs 280 is a pre-requisite.

C. options-for-next:
Do you need any other recommendation?
I highly recommend taking EECS281 and EECS370.
To earn your degree you need to take four upper level CS classes this semester.
Does programming in hardware interest you
EECS 376 should be taken at the same time.
Good day, is there anything you are curious about?
I've heard from other students that it's a pretty hard course.
If the classes you took about computer system architecture were to your liking the the courses EECS 582 or EECS 570 might be of interest.
Machine learning, or software development.  Which do you like more?
It's not the best choice to just pick the easiest available course.
You shouldn't worry about it yet. Almost all students decide senior year about 381.
I will recommend taking as many of the requirements as possible this semester, but you might not be able to finish by the end of the year.
If you want to take game design and other computer science courses then Eecs 280 is a pre-requisite.
I don't believe that it is wisest to just choose the easiest course available
Which class in the EECS category would you like to take?
Happy to help, bey!
If you are looking for a helpful class, then I would suggest taking EECS183.
Any time!
Since you've already taken EECS280, the logical progression would be to take EECS281 (data structures and algorithms), EECS370 (Intro to computer organization), and/or EESC376 (Foundations of computer science).
Yes, hold on a second.
You should take EECS 376, 281 and 370 this term.
Discrete Math is the course name.
You will need to take 4 upper level electives
Did you make the appointment?
Are you looking for upper level CS courses?
THE ORIGINAL SENTENCE DOES NOT MAKE SENSE
The class on information retrieval is very small.
I would also recommend doing EECS478 -- logic circuit synthesis and optimization
This course only has 41 students in it, so it's not large.
My recommendation will be  weekly 6-8 hours outside of class
bye, no problem!
Great, it looks like EECS 281 has still not been taken by you though, so you should probably take it next semester. It's required for many upper level courses in your area of interest.
Are you more involved in front-end programming or back-end systems?
If you didn't find EECS 280 and 285 too difficult, you will find this one okay, too.
You will want to take 478 then, since it is more of a moderate difficulty.
No
If you only want a single EECS class that is not too hard, take 280.
It's a 4 credit course, the earlier one had 3 credits. This one has the discussion session.
Going off that, my suggestions are EECS 281 and EECS 376.
For database management systems, I recommend EECS484
You can, in this case, drop 492 and take 545.
Because EECS 281 is not a prerequisite for it.
EECS 370 is computer organization, and EECS 376 is foundation of computer science.
Everything must be well planned.
Hey, how may I assist you?
Hey Stein! What do you want to discuss today??
Monday and Wednesday mornings is when the course is being held.
281 qualifies you for many upper level courses.
Would you like to acquire more knowledge concerning compilers?
It's no coincidence, I assure you.
Have you have previous programming experience?
No problem. Goodnight.
I appreciate you telling me.
How can I be supportive to you with today?
Greeting Courtney!
Are you here today to pick classes for next semester?
Can you visualize this?
So I would suggest to take no more than one other EECS class alongside 281.
Professor Chesney who teaches 280 is both the most helpful and most clear. Though 203, which is taught by Professor Dorf, is a close runners up.
That fits in well.
You should start on EECS203, its better to start there.
Is that something that interests you?
370 and 281 both are incredibly helpful.
MDE next semester, do you want it?
The next course would be 281 which has an easy rating of 2.53
You may want to take EECS584, which is a more advanced database class.
Does it matter what size the class is?
I would try taking EECS 485, Web Databases and Information Systems. EECS 484, Database Management Systems, expands upon some of the database topics discussed in EECS 48EECS 493, User Interface Development, is also extremely beneficial for developers designing websites and web applications.
My recommendation would be to take EECS545 Machine Learning or EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence.
I see you took EECS280.  The next course is EECS281.
My advice is eecs 281 data structures in algorythm.
Hi, what can I do for you?
Hi. How are you today?
What is your name?
Does discrete mathematics interest you?
Was EECS 281 a hard class for you?
Based off of that, I will suggest EECS 281 and EECS 376
I believe the class is challenging.
I suggest Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs, Software Engineering, and Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Hello, I have returned!
Hi! What can I help you with?
For EECS 484, Cafarella will teach the next semester.
Do you find computer programming interesting?
You could also take EECS475 Introduction to Cryptography
The courses you should take are EECS281 and EECs376.
Anytime! Always fun catching up with you.
The previous course was 3 credits while this one is 4 and has a discussion session.
The decision that has to be made here depends on how curious you are about AI and Mathematics
Peter Honeyman will be the professor.
What is your major again?
484 would also be a good course for you, based on your interest.
I'm glad it helps.
No, theres variables available to you.
I recommend Professor Hong lake Lee's class.
Hello!  I can certainly help you with what you are working on.
Although these courses will teach you from the very beginning they will be addition work if you don't have a background in programming.
For you I will look into some of them.
Great.
Hi, How are you today ?
Class time will be Monday and Wednesday, from 1:30 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 116:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

C. options-for-next:
let me check, ill look over your transcript.
The course hasn't been scheduled yet, so I don't know right now.
What course are you majoring in?
Alright, have a nice one.
Eecs 203 can be taken also at summer, beforehand.
You should take 381. I don't recommend any other EECS classes alongside it.
If your plan is to take Machine Learning, I suggest easier classes like Software Engineering or Web Databases.
Do you have any questions for me?
There is around 100 students.
I do see that info, do you have any questions for me?
There is about one hundred.
Yes, that would work!
There is a 4 credit class, and its this one.
This class too has a light workload and is offered in the late afternoon
If you may want to take EECS482 Introductory course
With respects to next semester you can sign up for   EECS 381 -- Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Yes, but your basic requirements still need fulfilled.
No, it will consist of around 50 students.
Do you prefer Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, or Artificial Intelligence?
You cannot do that unfortunately.
EECS 370 would come after EECS 281 which is similar to EECS 280 and you've taken that already.
EECS477 is known as Primer to Procedure
It will be pretty hard to do a double major with a major as difficult as CSE. If you have confidence in your work ethic, of course it is possible, but I would encourage you to consider signing up for a minor in classics instead of a major.
Yes, it's a computer programing course.
It depends on how much work you're willing to get involved with 478, 370, and 281 since they are relatively busy schedule
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
A typical sophomore schedule would include a class equivalent to EECS 203.
Do you need assistance with anything else?
If you are interested in computer hardware, I strongly suggest you take EECS470
Enrolling in either EECS 370 or EECS 376 can help you complete your Major course requirements early on.
I strongly suggest you take EECS classes to fulfill your requirements.
Hello, how are you?
What if I don't have the information you need?
EECS485 has 4 credits of the ULCS requirement.
EECS 203 would be a class available to you.
Has EECS 484 crossed your mind at all?
It's for 4 credits
Valeria Bertacco
Bye, glad I could help.
You know, it will depend.
You should take EECS 470 next.
Sadly that is information I do not have
For now, you shouldn't have to change anything but you may have to take more electrical engineering classes in the future. You should take EECS 281, and if you can handle EECS 376 and 370 as well.
EECS 281 has to be taken before EECS 388 and EECS 485
Yes, that is correct
Good morning. What can I help you with?
Discrete Math, and Elementary Programming Concepts are classes.
EECS492 is recommended.
Next Semester, David R Chesney will be teaching EECS 481.
Sure. I prefer you take EECS 281 and EECS 376 together.
Their name's Michael John Cafarella
Yi, what do you need?
When you're done with those two classes you can start on the 300 series classes in EECS.
What do you think about my taking the class Web Database and Information Systems, which is EECS 485?
You can take eecs 280 or eecs 183 for software development.
What else would you like to know?
A lot of people say they like 486, and it is also not too programming-intensive.
The difficulty is moderate.
Absolutely, carry on.
You should take EECS281 if you're interest in software development.
Apologies, it was an accident.
Have you taken any computer science courses?
No problem, have a good day
I want you to prepare in mind that it might have heavy workload.
Hello there Zizhen!
From my experience if you will take EECS 281, you might as well get the 4 credits from taking EECS 370.
If you are a sophmore in order to take the EECS 281 as soon as possible.
Are you thinking of enrolling in 484 or 482?
you wont get late for this class
If you enjoyed 370, EECS 470 is at 3 PM . it's about computer architecture. If you enjoyed 370 then this would be a great continuation of the material
I would suggest that you take EECS445.
As far as class size, it's about 130 students per term.
My suggestion is that you take 370 and 376 next semester, and take 281 later.
Hi, the questions are what?
These requirements are a lot while you are already a senior
I have a high opinion of Data Structures and Algorithms.
EECS 281 is the course you should take to gain access to almost every upper level computer science course offered by the department.
Is 281 the the more important class?
I want you to take EECS 281 due to your love of the subject.
This computer science course is an introduction to mathematical foundations.
it's a tough amount of work but entirely possible to do.
In regards to topics, which are you most interested in?
280 is an easy course than 203
It looks like you're a little behind on your major.
Hello, what advice can I provide you with today?
I've seen your transcript. Do you like Introduction to Computer Organization or do you like Computer Architecture better?
On the easiness scale, all classes are about a 3 out of 5.
The only difference between EECS 492 and EECS 481 is that the former is a larger class. EECS has about 130 students whilst 481 has approximately 60-70.
I prefer that you take EECS 481 and EECS 493.
Is there a subject that interests you?
Do you care?
Does that peak your interest?
Considering your interests, I would suggest your taking EECS 485.
For the workload you requested EECS 467 is a good choice.
Hi, How can I help you?
441 has a group project
Yes, you are required to take 281 to graduate.
In EECS next semester, how many classes are you planning on taking?
Yea, i'm still here. I would suggest you take EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems
Lots of students like eecs 487.  eecs 493 is also a good course

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 117:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
From your past experience coding, do you still remember a lot or not much?
Yeah, if you want to work with real world customers then I would suggest you take eecs 481.
It's one of the most helpful course in hardware area.
A grade like that is good.
ECS 381 has a high helpfulness and clarity score.
EECS 280 and EECS 203 are the preferred courses for you.
I think that EECS 595, which is Natural Language Processing, could be a good fit for your needs
In my opinion you should enroll in eecs482.
The workload is moderate for both of these classes.
I would highly advise you take eecs203 Discrete Math if you want to be able to better understand upper level cs classes in the future.
yes, you already have that, 280 is the pre req
Do you think you'll get a minor in CS?
Hi, how are you doing?
Are you doing it because your course load is pretty stacked next semester?
You haven't taken the EECS 281 yet, I see.
MATH 214 is required if you have taken MATH 216.
Then, it's clear that you should take Design of Microprocessor Based Systems, Computer Game Design and Development, Computer Architecture, and Software Engineering.
Hi Ian. Let me know what specifications you prefer.
You do fit the requirements we are looking for.
Thanks for letting me know that.
What are you focusing on?
You have to first take EECS 203
It looks like you're interested in Latin. Are there non-computing subjects you want to pursue at Michigan?
EECS 203 is a requirement for computer science majors.
Many people have the opinion that Databases (484) is a good general course which applies in many areas of CS.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Do you have a problem?
See ya later.
Because you're taking the psychology class, I wouldn't take 281, 370, and 376.
May the day bring you good fortune.
485 is a good choice for a web technology course or your last class could be 385 if you'd rather choose a course more for software.
You also have not taken EECS 376 yet which is a requirement for your CS major. I would suggest that you take this class next semester as well.
Another option is to take EECS 482 Introduction to Operating System and EECS 484 Database Management Systems.
You need EECS 281 as the gateway to take upper level classes.
Do your interests run more to Data Structures or Cryptography?
No
Alrighty, are you looking to find a specific subject?
may i help?
Happy I could help
Are you interested in infrastructure, such as system software?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
Class starts at 10am , it lasts for 90minutes
Front-end is more popular since it's less tedious. Vim is the text editor back-end systems fans usually use.
Cool, then you are qualified to take EECS481 Software Engineering, which is very popular course in software development.
Each is a very intensive course.
Does that work for you?
OK, is that right, you took some basic computer science courses?
Okay, what means a lot to you? Time, professor, caliber?
How many EECS courses would you like to take next semester?
No, you are great!
Take class EECS183, since the class has only 124 students.
Hi there!
What about physics 240 and 41?
I recommend taking EECS 280 so you can have access to the upper level CE classes
How can I help you today?
100 students have been the typical class size for EECS 482 in previous terms.
Based on your liking, I believe that you should take EECS281.
Hello
Generally, most students consider taking 482 with humanities class since 482 when paired with other EECS classes  can be very heavy load.
Machine Education
The class EECS 442 is about computer vision.
You can take a class with a professor named Sugih Jamin who teaches EECS487, Interactive Computer Graphics and has a helpfulness rating of 2.8.
EECS 281 is a prerequisite for most upper level cs
Since you enjoyed it, I would also recommend EECS280.
yes
What do you think about Programming and Introductory Data Structures EECS 280.
Goodbye
It's common for people to combine it with 370.
EECS 481 is the easiest out of those classes.
This class has nearly 100 students and is offered in the afternoon.
Okay, here's an additional one that I suggested.
I would suggest taking EECS 482 if you are good at computer science.
EECS485 has been rated to be fairly easy.
Have a good day.
I think you could handle either one.
I suggest that you also take EECS 203.
Good to know, how can I help you?
Hello, how are you doing? How can I help you today?
You will find this useful for your degree.
Sure, that is possible. Anyways you must complete EECS 203 before taking either of the classes you mentioned.
Good. So long.
which you may be more interested in
EECS 281 should be one of your heavy workload classes if you are taking it.
neat class
There aren't other computer hardware courses being offered next semester
Hello! Tell me, how are you?
This is a core course.
Does this sound like a class you might be interested in?
Next semester, would you like to do this course?
Have you considered Design of Microprocessor Based Systems?
People also take 370.
Is there anything I can help you with?
Good bye!
Amazing sounds like EECS 48(Software Engineering) and EECS 492 (Intro to AI) might be a great fit for you.
You have a few mathematics courses from previous semesters.
Based on your courses it is my opinion that you will not have too much trouble with doing them simultaneously.
I recommend the course with a class size of 124, EECS183.
you can expect to work a lot because the course is for 4 credit hours
The class size, however,  is roughly 50 students.
I am sorry but my database is to be updated with their schedules.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 118:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable

C. options-for-next:
Those classes suit your desire for a small class size and helpful professor.
My pleasure
It is a lot of work. You can also choose EECS 481, Software Engineering, with EECS 376.
Same time 3-5pm, ok.
All right, have a good day.
I think a good fit for you would be EECS203 Discrete Match.
Is EECS 281 a difficult class?
The EECS203 class is not very large.
You're most welcome
That seems like it will be a good final project.
do you like game design?
Based on your interests, Machine Learning would be my recomedation to fulfill the requirements.
would you rather learn imaging processing or machine learning?
The other one, 50, is close to.
That information should be available on Wolverine access when you decide to register
Completely! Upper level CS courses are bifurcated into  categories: Computer Hardware, Computer Architecture, Intelligent Systems, Software development, Theory of computation, and Web technology and applications. Which of these topics do you like the most?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hello, Chong. Can I help with anything?
Alright, wonderful! I am here to assist. What question can I answer for you?
Good, then. I'll look into your previous courses.
The Professor is Hongkak Lee
Alright, in that case I have lots of options for you. Which interests you more?Web Technology or Software Development?
As a sophomore, you have many options.
Are you looking for classes within you major?
You should take EECS 370, Introduction to Computer Organization.
Introduction to Computer Organization is EECS 370.
Of course! Today is a great time to take CS courses.
Actually, the class is held 10:30am-12:00pm
Do you like database? In 484, how was your experience?
Another option for you is EECS 203.
Together, 203 and 280 generally pair up well
EECS442 is Computer Vision and EECS482 is Introduction to Operating Systems
Your interested in what subjects ?
Did you take any previous math classes?
my pleasure
Good morning, what can I help you with?
No problem! How else can I help you?
Discrete mathematics includes mathematical concepts in computer science, and is taught in EECS 203.
Tell me what you are interested in.
It is a 4 credit
Seeing as you are just a freshman and also new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
Are you more interested in lower or higher level programming?
I think the class EECS484 is really straightfoward.
I have two EECS courses you need to take.
I suggest you take class 376 it is required for your major
For what purpose did you come to advising?
Start with this class to increase your programming experience.
The gateway course to many Upper Level courses is EECS 281.
No worries!
Some classes you can sign up for next semester that are available are EECS 280 and 203.
I think that EECS470 would be the perfect class for you.
Since you have already taken EECS 388, this might be an intersting course for you
I would suggest you take EECS 376  next semester, since you haven't already and it's required for your CS major.
Hello. Lets see how I can help.
183 would be a good selection , considering your ideal choice of class size.
OK. Although EECS 281 is in the morning (10:30 am), you might want to take this class instead of EECS 376.
EECS494, Video Game Design is a course I hear much good about.
In three years with a double major it will be hard to graduate.
The course start and end time has not been decided yet, but there are two required classes you can do next semester: EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization and EECS 281 Data Structures & Algorithms.
If you take EECS183, I suggest you to drop that intense chemistry course.
Yes, it is an extensive class.
How can I help you?
The title is Web Database and Information Systems
I am here to suggest you select your classes.
EECS481 Software Engineering may meet your demand.
I am very glad to see you.
If you're interested in security, given you're in 388, that might also be a good fit.
You have to take EECS 203 to understand EECS 281.
I recommend EECS370. The teach has high ratings.
I recommend that you take EECS 549 information retrieval.
Though it's not as basic of a foundation, it would not be too overwhelming to take in the same semester as 482
At the same time, taking Discrete Math is a requirement for supplementing the knowledge gained by studying Computer Science.
I think EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor Based System, EECS 470: Computer Architecture, EECS 485: Web Database and Information Systems, EECS 484 Database Management Systems will be the best classes, considering your interests.
Michael John Cafarella is the teacher of the class.
Not a problem!
Do you prefer computer hardware or computing infrastructure?
Looks like a lot of EECS courses for you
For Sure.
It's a 4 credit crouse, the previous one is 3 credit. And this one has discussion session
You can directly take 203 and 280.
What would you like help with today?
Also, EECS485 is more web-focused, which is something you may be interested in
Are you interested in database?
Microcomputer is a tough but interest course.
Immediately after 101, I highly recommend that freshman get a head start on EECS 280.
The prerequisite has been met by by.
EECS 482, EECS 485, and EECS 487 would be good classes for seniors.
Hi Kevin! What can I do for you today?
I think if you took EECS 484 it would work out great, because your interested in learning about web technology and your looking for something that isnt gonna be too hard on you.
Do you prefer large or small classes?
Computer Science is based on that mathematical foundation.
If you are not able to fit all of those classes in your schedule, you woiuldl be able to complete the Minor
May I offer any assistance?
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable
Have a great semester!
Truly, totally. This would be an ideal time to begin taking CS courses.
That's prefect! Can I help you with anything else?
If you need 4 credits heres a class.
That's especially true because 470 is an introductory course.
It's at 9:30 on MWF

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 119:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

C. options-for-next:
Hi!
It looks that 203 and 280 are a good choice for your next semester.
For winter 2014, these are the courses available: EECS376, EECS281, EECS478, EECS475, EECS370
"Discrete Math" and "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" are what I suggest for you.
I hear that it's difficult to to all three of the tasks together, but it's not impossible.
Evenin', what are you here for today?
How are you doing today?
Can you tell me a bit about your interests?
Because it has an easiness of 2, and a class size of 51, I would recommend you take 478.
370 is Introduction to Computer Organization
What are you majoring in?
The work in this course will require more effort.
Engr101 satisfies the requirements.
Did you find EECS 203 difficult?
Machine learning is an important aspect of AI.
Which one do you want to know more, microprocessor, computer architecture, and logic circuit synthesis?
Tell me,what are you interested in?
EECS 376 or EECS 370 is a requiremnt and you can take just about any upper level course. One you might enjoy is web development, EECS 485.
It was no problem at all, good day!
I have some options available, but there are too many to list out. Can you give me more details about what you are looking for so I may narrow it down?
They would all need to be completed in the same semester.
Are you fond of the 300-level courses?
The size is 60 and normal.
Both have the same pre-requisite, which is 281.
This is a course you're going to learn principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing
Are you going to take any 300 level courses?
Have you thought about the number of courses you want to take?
Let me think for a moment.
You're welcome and good luck to you!
Which class falls at the best time?
The workload is not too heavy.
Hi, How do i help you?
It looks like you've already taken Math 214 and 216, so this won't be too hard for you.
The 2 courses you have selected are not challenging.
What are some with a 5 easiness
Then EECS 280 sounds like a great choice
Because you have taken EECS 270, the next appropriate course would be EECS 470.
Do you have more questions?
What's your opinion on workload of the courses you took?
Be careful not to take 281 and 370 together.
I'd like to see.
Do you like gaming?
Want to take EECS courses?
It's kind of tough.
Is there a particular class that you're already thinking of?
EECS477, I see you've taken.
Greetings, what can I do for you tonight?
Class 203 is not as intense as 280.
From the course description, it is: "Professional problem-solving methods developed through intensive group studies. Normally one significant design project is chosen for entire class requiring multiple EECS disciplines and teams. Use of analytic, computer, design, and experimental techniques where applicable are used."
that sound is interesting to you
Glad I could help, goodbye.
Which of the EECS classes have you attended?
I hope this is useful to you.
EECS183 is known to have a very high helpfulness rating(4.15)
What can I do for you?
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
Hello.
Hi; afternoon!
Goodbye!
The cryptography class would have 65-70 students.
Take cryptography, it is unique and you will enjoy it.
Hi qijun, are you a sophomore student?
The class is considered small as there are only about 50 students.
You might like machine learning. It is currently a popular topic.
Is there some way I can assist you today?
The workloads would likely be comparable
What kind of EECS courses do you want to take this semester?
In the morning, there are a number of classes.
I'd recommend EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
64 students are enrolled currently.
Any preferences as far as MDEs go?
EECS 281 is the only prerequisite that is mandatory.
It is my recommendation that you either take EECS545 Machine Learning or EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence.
I think Jia Deng and Johnson-Roberson are next, respectively.
A major in EECS requires EECS 281.
I suggest "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" and "Discrete Math"
Choose your favorite- computer game design, user interface development or mobile development.
Although this class is harder, since you are only a junior and have finished all your requirement you can take it with a lighter course load
See you later, CHRISTIAN KAVOUR.
I don't have a specific recommendation but something lighter would be a wise choice while taking both EECS 280 and 203.
Yes, there are plenty of courses for you to take. EECS 492 and 494 are options
Hardware, software or a general question?
Most students try to finish up EECS 281 as soon as possible so that they can access the upper level electives.
Best of luck for your study.
It has average easiness
These courses are basic ones that include elementary coding and math concepts. These will be essential to master before moving on to more challenging courses.
Yes you can minor in EECS! I suggest you take EECS 281 next semester.
How much experience do you have with 270 and 215?
I'm doing well. Is there anything I can help with?
You work in a team to build almost any micro-processor based project that you'd like
You should only be taking EECS 381 if you are highly motivated towards Software Development because it's a challenging course.
No problemo dude!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
There is a difficulty of 2.53
EECS 493 is a low-medium workload, while EECS 485 is medium-high
You should take 16 credits of upper level cs classes and 16 flex tech credits after the required eecs 280, 203, and 281 classes.
You may be interested in EECS592 as it is advanced AI.
Did you like EECS 270?
If you are interested in hardware/architecture,
I think you should take software engineering (EECS 481)

-----------------------------------------------------------
