dialog 120:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
What exactly are your require preferences?

C. options-for-next:
You have taken your computer science EECS classes.
Give me a minute to pull your profile.
By how much
Hello, I'm glad to meet you.
The class is kindof hard.
I welcome you.
There's a variety of additional upper levels
In what areas are you most interested in learning?
Will that doing be desired by you?
Based on your selected major and minor
Class Overview of EECS 470 is an introductory graduate-level course in computer architecture. This course is intended to do two things: to give you a solid, detailed understanding of how computers are designed and implemented, including the central processor and memory and I/O interfaces; and to make you aware of the numerous tradeoffs in design and implementation, their interaction, their realization in both historical and state-of-the-art systems, and trends that will affect them in future systems.
Of the EECS classes, which have you taken?
I suggest you to take EECS482 as well, if you like software development
This major design class also satisfies graduating requirements.
Are you better with hardware or software?
Yes, I also recommend that you take EECS203. It's Discrete Math. It will help you to understand the more advanced CS Class in the future.
How can I be of help to you?
Let me know what you decide!
Hi! What is the type of advising that you need?
What exactly are your require preferences?
Would you tell me about some of your interests ?
Continuing on the CS path, the next set of classes appear to be EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms and EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
Yes. It involves a team project where you build your own app from scratch called 411.
That can be a recommendation, if you want to signup EECS 270. Even though it doesn't count as CS elective course, but it is a prerequisite for EECS 470
You are required to take three additional upper level Computer Science courses.
Linear algebra is basically just keeping track of matrix sizes.
Though it won't be an easy class, I'm sure that it will be helpful.
I want you to take EECS 281 due to your love of the subject.
What requirements do you have for next semester
Take 376,370.281 or 478 to move along toward finishing.
It starts at 10:30am and ends at 12pm.
You're welcome, have a good day.
Sup Zach
5. the beginning being at 15:00 and ending at 16:00
Are there any other questions you have?
Hi, I'm happy to help you.  What are your questions?
It depends on your speed as a programmer. Most people take 2 EECS classes, but some people take 3 EECS classes if they like getting no sleep.
Can I help with anything else?
Earlier students have rated EECS 280 as a moderate workload class. It is not a bad idea to take EECS 280 with EECS 203 since they are both prereqs for EECS 281, which you will have to take to become a CS major
We wish you luck in the next semester.
Amazing! You as well!
I would suggest you take 280 as soon as possible if you are not sure about specific fields.
You ought to take EECS 370 and EECS 376 in order to meet your major requirements.
What can I do for your help?
What was your grade in ENGR100?
You should take EECS 281: Data Structures and Algorithms.
Taking all three at the same time would be a tough workload.
This schedule is good for me.
The degree of difficulty rating is 2.93.
How big a class do you prefer?
Was EECS 203 difficult for you?
Would you be focusing on some game design classes?
it does have a discussion
I am happy to help. Good Bye.
Enjoy your day.
Yeah, you can take EECS 492 Intro to Artificial Intelligence or EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems, which have comparatively larger class sizes.
No, the class is medium.
You are very welcome!
Try to focus on two courses and drop the other courses.
When it comes to technical electives, what interests you?
How much do you know about databases?
Hello
We have two courses, one each for software development and infrastructure.
Do you think you would enjoy game development?
No, EECS280 is a pre-requisite for EECS281, along with EECS203. You will have to complete both of those courses to take EECS28
Check out the following: EECS280, EECS203 and EECS183.
Awesome! you're welcome! have a great day!
Do you like any specific topics?
EECS 376 has an easiness rating of 1.91
What are you taking next semester?
It is a very helpful class.
For any other questions, please free to ask here.
Do you want to do CS as your major?
What is the purpose of your visit today?
Is there an area you are looking for in your classes?
Alright! You're the best!
Yes, how can I help you?
Enroll in EECS 281
EECS475 Introduction to Cryptography is another course you could take.
Interested in hardware? Then look at EECS478.
A hard class is EECS 281.  It's a 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey but it's not overwhelming.
You completed ENGR101 so your next step should be EECS 183
Take the EECS 376 and the ______simultaneously.
Good luck!
The workload of the class is more than most but the class itself is only as difficult as most other classes
If you are going to take both, you probably will be fine.  The difficulty level of 376 is average and 492 is just barely higher.
I need you to provide your background before giving you advice.
Tell me about your homework this week.
Based on your interests, I'd suggest taking EECS470 -- computer architechture.
EEECS445 is a very important course for AI.
I mean, what kind of track in comp sc are you interested in?
EECS 376 and EECS 281 are my best recommendations for you to take.
I does not require EECS 281 as a prerequisite.
I would recommend taking them first.
Where do you want to explore?
EESC376 is easier
Interested in mathematics
Do you have anything in a specific area of interest?
do you have any idea what courses you're taking next semester?
Are there any preferences of yours that I should be aware of?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 121:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes

C. options-for-next:
Can you tell me what you are interested in?
i recommend  this one
Now that you have completed EECS280 I think that it's time that you take EECS 281 for your next course.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Have a lovely day.
Alright,  it looks like you have already taken engineering 100
Continue on please
No, neither of these courses have laboratories
Ok, I'd recommend you take EECS 484, Database Management Systems, or EECS 485, Web Database and Information Systems.
Typically, 280 is much harder than the other.
Discussion sections and final projects apply to three of them on your list.
According to the feedback, it is actually useful.
If you want to play it safe, EECS281, EECS376, and another 4 credit class might be a better option.
For a relatively easy course to take, go with "Elementary Programming Concepts".
Do you have any interests?
Many more upper-level classes are required for you. This semester you could do one of EECS492 and EECS494, and then the other next semester.
Good luck next semester!
Please return if you need any more help.
Excellent! Is your inclination toward software or hardware?
Even though there are generally many sections of each, so you should be able to pick one that suitable for you.
I suggest you continue with EECS 281 and EECS 370 and or 376
Four credits is the value of the class.
EECS376 does not count to be most popular course, so it's understandable if you didn't like it.
Take the EECS 376 and the ______simultaneously.
Sure, this is the class for computer hardware.
the helpfullness rate is 4.13/5
The classes are Programming and Introductory Data Structures, Discrete Math, and Elementary Programming Concepts, respectively.
It will be around 1:30 PM.
Based on previous courses, I would suggest one easy and one challenging class.
Do you have anything else I can help with?
This can fit 58 students this semester.
The algorithm also plays a role.
You should think about taking EECS 280 next semester.
There are no other classes in Software Development you can take right now.
I'd recommend taking 484 and 492 based on your interests.
To build up your ability of writing programs, I'd suggest taking EECS 183 first.
Is this your first time with Calculus?
The average class size is about 130, so that's a fairly large class.
I'm pleased to be of assistance. Have a good day!
What questions do you have?
376 easiness rate is 1.91.
Also, 280/203 which are the following class you would take next have a pre-req of 183
The three courses on your list have final projects and discussion sections.
All right. Farewell!
Are there an specific interests that you have?
Amount of classes you want to take?
There is more, please tell me.
What can I do for you today?
Class EECS 491 is held on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 10:30 in the morning until 12 noon.
Taking 281, I'd recommend no more than one other ECCS class
Thanks! I am really doing great!
Does the idea of taking more EECS classes interest you?
Yes, You will be alright
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.
In that case I suggest taking EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts.
EECS 281, 376 and 370 are all tough classes to take!
Do computer science courses interest you at all?
Most people take MDE as a senior I'm only a junior
Looking at your requirements for graduation, it seems you still must take 281.
I'd suggest EECS 493, which has the lightest workload of the EECS classes.
You should also take ENGR183.
You are welcome, now goodbye
They are EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms, and EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization.
Your major is a little behind.
Given your completion of a few math and physics classes
My pleasure, good luck!
You are eligible to take EECS 370 for sure after looking at your background.
Can you describe your career goals?
Know that, I do not
how can i help?
Anything else I can help you with today?
Perhaps you should try that.
I recommend EECS 482 for anyone who liked EECS 370.
Afternoon is when the class is.
As far as workload goes, EECS 376 is light, 281 is moderate, and 370 is kinda heavy.  But none are extreme.
All three courses are 4 credits.
Are you accustom to taking difficult classes? Taking these 4 all at once may be too hard.
Bye! Same to you!
Of course, please inform me if you need help later.
It is best to take EECS 376 first. If you think you can handle it, you can take a EECS course at the next level.
Electronic Commerce is EECS547 and Introduction to Cryptography is EECS475.
How are you doing?
Fantastic
Do you participate in  a study group?
Most people also take 370 before 376
EECS 370, Introduction to Computer Organization, will be too difficult for you, given your background and preferences.
Considering your background I would say take 545 first.
That course has a easinessrate of 3
The class size is about 130 students per term.
Would you  be interested in this class?
What are your hobbies?
Mathematics is the root focus for the best understanding of computer science
It could prove difficult to take either 376 or 370 with 281, however it really depends and what you want as a workload.
No, I'm an advisor of engineering
My name is Professor Shen.
I would recommend to take EECS484 Database Management Systems, based on your preferences.
EECS 370 would be very relevant, you learn about hardware architecture and design.
A list of things that have to be done to complete the major are at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf.
Based on your interests, I'd recommend taking EECS 492 Introduction to AI.
280 has an easiness rating of 2.59/5 while 203 has an easiness rating of while 203 has an easiness rating of 2.03/5 rating

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 122:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
for most computer science classes, including game design Eecs 280 is a prerequisite

C. options-for-next:
That is a very bad idea. Those 4 classes are notorious for having tremendous amounts of work and I would advise breaking those up into several semesters.
If you want the CS major then you need to take EECS 376.
Is there something you need help with?
for most computer science classes, including game design Eecs 280 is a prerequisite
Robot movement and dynamics.
Do you like computer science?
You are a sophomore, I see.
I hope you have a nice day!
EECS442 or EECS482 might be helpful to take. Both have a reasonable workload and should mesh with your interests.
A prepared guide is provided to solve any upcoming issues.
Due to your history, the courses you have might be hard to handle.
Hello, I'm Askash.
All things considered, I highly recommend eecs 478, logic circuit synth/opt
What about EECS 481, Software Engineering?
You may find advanced programming classes difficult, given your background.
Next semester might be a good time
you are also missing your mde
emailing your professor to set up a separate time to meet can also be tried by you.
How can I help you today?
Chesney, David R.
I think you taking eecs 280 and eecs 203 with 4-6 credits would be good because you are a asophmore.
You are not welcome. I feel sad.
You have completed the four ULCS courses required for your major, so you just have a Capstone class left.
That is a LOT of work. I'd recommend taking two of those courses at the most, but if you think you can handle the workload, then go for it.
Both classes and discussions are held on Tuesday Thursday.
How is your experience with 270 and 215?
Good luck with your studies, see you!
I'd suggest EECS 281 data structures in algorythm
How can I be of assistance?
Machine Learning is rated 3 for easyness on a scale on 1-5.
Is there something I can do for you?
What do you need help with?
Apologies but I am an EECS advisor. You should probably talk with the LSA advisor.
Great, okay! Bye!
Unless you have another question, we are done here.
Yes, it is an extensive class.
I've heard from other students that it's a pretty hard course.
Is there any more insight I can provide?
Personally, I suggest taking only these two courses with a light load.
You have completed all of the requirements needed to take EECS 203. There aren't any more requirements.
He's a good professor
Glad I could be of assistance
Are you fond of the 300-level courses?
Is your preference for difficult classes?
I am happy to help. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I hope it is useful to you..
no worries. good night.
Do you like morning or afternoon classes more?
Some people told me great things about the course EECS494, Video Game Design.
The time that it is offered is from 5pm to 7pm
I think 281 is more important.
How may I assist you today?
Do you have anything else to ask?
3 core requirements are still needed to finish.
what would you prefer to know?
Are you curious about an area of computer science?
376 is taken after 370 by most students.
What's your standing?
Do you like web or software development?
Given your background, this course may prove to be difficult.
For a class that tends to be a heavy workload, I can suggest EECS475, which is Intro to Croptography
It is my pleasure that I was able to help. Bye
Course 564 is estimation, filtering, and detection.
For core class interviews it depends, but it's usually 281.
Are you interested in any other subjects?
Be careful with how much you take on especially with 30 hours of research each week.
How might I assist you today, Kangxu?
We will teach you structured data types, pointers, linked data structures and similar stuff
What kind of courses are you looking for ?
The class is more conceptual.
Yes, I would advise courses that are not very math or computation intensive because these two courses will be heavy on both.
Sounds good. What are your interested topics?
Have you ever taken EECS281 before?
Does your interest lie more toward OS development or web development?
203 is a fantastic area of study.
If you will take EECS 281, I strongly suggest you to take EECS 370 which is a 4 credit class.
Wish you a good day
I encourage you to educate yourself with EECS 482
My pleasure!
Are you really interested in Chinese?
I hope next semester goes well.
Do you prefer difficult classes?
Before now, did you ever learn about machine learning?
Yes, identical to EECS281.
Based on your previous courses, I suggest you to take EECS478
The next large classes that every major needs to take are 281,370,376.
It's ease of rating consists of the number 2.5
Did you like ENGR, MATH, PHYSICS, or CHEM the best?
There are lots of classes such as EECS 494, EECS 381, and EECS 481 have clear professors
Having some more EEcs classes would help you, I recommend 484.
Do you have any other questions?
Can I help you with anything else?
Programming and Introductory Data Structures is class EECS280.
It is the same time as Machine learning
If you are not able to fit all of those classes in your schedule, you woiuldl be able to complete the Minor
A pre-requirement for the CS major is Discrete Math
What are your interests?
But given your previous courses, it should not be hectic
Have a lovely day.
The helpfulness rating is 3.92 for this course

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 123:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me look at your transcript real quick.

C. options-for-next:
Hi, what can I help you?
My suggestion is that you go to class and take notes.
What do you recommend as a corequisit?
You may have to drop other courses to take this one.
Since it was only rated as a 3 on a 1-5 scale, Machine Learning is pretty easy.
What are the topics that you are interested in?
I strongly advise you to take the EECS 376 along with it.
Having considered your background and interests, I am recommending you take EECS 281.
So there are a lot of options, but I will be needing some more information to help give you advice on which can be best for you to choose.
It will occur around 130.
Let me look at your transcript real quick.
I'm good and how are you?
Since you are a junior these workload classes will be familiar to you.
No problem.
The moderately helpful professor is Strauss.
When do you plan on taking EECS 281?
This class is not as hard as EECS482 and EECS492.
Sadly that is information I do not have
Thanks so much, see you later!
I believe you should take EECS478 or EECS475 since you took other classes that work with them.
What criteria are you basing your selection off of?
EECS 280 is much larger (around 167 every year), 203 is much smaller - around 55, and EECS 183 is about 124
If you prefer an easier workload, I recommend you to take EECS 376.
The course is not the simplest but will be of great benefit to you.
No problem. Bye!
That is awesome.
EECS 376 has a relatively small class size with an average of 45 per class and EECS 281 has an average size of about 85
EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence is the only Depth Star course for the Artificial Intelligence Area. Keep yourself informed.
Based on your courses I think you won't have much of a problem doing them simultaneously.
Are linguistics courses interesting to you?
EECS 203 is about Discrete Mathematics and the concepts behind computers
Definitely! Upper level CS courses are split into 6 categories: Computer Hardware, Computer Architecture, Intelligent Systems, Software development, Theory of computation, and Web technology and applications. Which of these topics are you most excited in?
I'm glad I could help!
What classes do you plan on adding to your schedule next semester?
your options are good ones
That's great, I would recommend you take EECS484.
I would recommend taking EECS 280, because it is a required class for all those majors.
You could take some 400 level stats classes if you enjoy statistics, they would be pretty easy. Stats 415 and 470  are light workload and easy classes.
I hope your day is great!
By any chance, are you going from CSE to CS?
Meili, I think your interest is in the right thing.
Judging by your workload request, EECS 467 will suit you well.
How many courses are you planning on doing?
EECS489 ,Computer Networks is easier.
Is EECS183 preferred over EECS280?
What can I help you with today?
307 and 376 would be the best courses to go to next, since you've already taken 281.
You should take EECS 545.
Of course! Today is a great time to take CS courses.
EECS 370 deals with interactions of low level language with computer hardware, and the full title is Intro to Computer Organization.
Hi! Are you doing okay?
EECS203 and EECS183 are required to be taken by you next semester according to the CS policy, Great.
Can I help you?
Introduction to Machine Learning EESC445 is actually even more closely related to natural language processing
There are, on average, 81 students in a class.
sure, what are your questions?
There isn't so no.
Since you have taken engr101, are you interested in exploring computer science courses further?
The class size for EECS281 is 81.
You should keep in mind that this class would be theoretical than 281.
What else can I help you with?
Yes, spot on.
What class size do you like?
No... it's AI currently.
Elementary Programming Concepts is was it is.
I think your workload would be easier if you took 370 and 3 other non-EECS classes only if the non-EECS classes have light workloads
I'll help
In my opinion it is doable for most students!
It seems you will need to take some upper level CS classes to graduate.
Not so much.
EECS 280 is programming and introductory data structures.
I would recommend you take EECS492: Artificial Intelligence.
58 people can do this class
You could learn during the class but you have to be ready to spend more time on it.
You sure can take EECS 482 next semester
Hi Mingyang! How can I help you?
Hello, how can I assist you?
EECS 482 Introduction to Operating System and EECS 484 Database Management Systems are classes you could also take.
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Is there some way I can assist you today?
The instructor is easy to understand; he has a clarity rating of 3.77
It's an afternoon class.
280, 203, and 183 fits well based on your previous and major courses
The class credit is 4.
That's good! I would recommend taking a look at the LSA Course Guide and finding a humanity class that you would find enjoyable and that would fit your day
Is it safe to say that you are considering majoring in EECS?
Please wait while I check for you.
12:00-1:30 pm T/TH
Yes! That is what we do here
Are CS upper level credits something you need more of?
Does anyone have any questions that they have not asked yet?
A class using the concept of the matrix is considered a multivariable stat.
So, what is it that interests you?
Some of the material in 370 and 376 can be challenging, so make use of office hours.
Jia Deng will come next I think but next year Johnson-Roberson.
Any other question?
Is this issue something in general or software or hardware
2.53
I suggest sign up for 492, Artificial Intelligence. I graded for that class for a while and we did some really interesting NLP stuff every semester!
EECS 595 Natural Language Processing may also be good for you

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 124:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
eecs 280 and eecs 281 have to be taken in different semesters but you need to take both of them.

C. options-for-next:
The professor is Michael John Cafarella.
Have you selected a major? What classes are you interested in taking?
It will be heavy
It is a core class and Igor L Markov is the instructor.
Do you want to take an easier class along with these ones?
You finished all of your required classes and can now take classes that interest you.
Awesome! Take care.
You are welcome. Good luck!
In what way can I assist you?
But 376 does not seem applicable since you seem to be heading down the more embedded route.
What is the most interesting area of study for you?
EECS484 has a big class size.
EECS 376 is only a prerequisite for a few other classes and a more theoretical class dealing with proofs and the mathematical foundations of computer science.
Enjoy your day
It will be challenging to graduate in 3 years with a double majob
I think you are ready for some higher level classes this semester.
Hope the rest of your day goes well.
Their schedules are not yet updated in my database, so sorry.
Well this class is not held at any other time than 1030am - 1200pm
what is it you wanna talk about today
484 is a database course, and since you’ve already taken it , I assume you have experience.
I'm glad that was such an easy decision for you.
this class offers 4 credits
Alright, my recommendations are EECS376 (Foundations of Computer Science) EECS281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) EECS475 (Introduction to Cryptography) and EECS370 (Introduction to Computer Organization).
Since you've taken engr101, would you like to take more computer science classes?
EECS 370 focuses on the design and building of 'simple' computers to elucidate the execution of programs.  That's what EECS 376 is.
I could recommend 478, Logic circuit synthesis and optimization building on that.
So unless you are comfortable with working through an upper level course more independently, I would suggest sticking to taking just EECS 281 and 370.
That's not in eecs
Hello, I have returned!
Have a good day Varsha.
EECS484 is rated as fairly easy also.
As I am currently advising you, what would you like advice on?
Would you be interested in taking a computer science course?
Most students take EECS 281 and EECS370 before EECS376.
Do you have any backround using linear alegbra?
You can also take 370 with a 376, although that would still be an option
I wouldn't take EECS183 at the same time as that intense chemistry course.
Can I help you with anything else?
EECS 370, Introduction to Computer Organization, will be too difficult for you, given your background and preferences.
EECS557 has been rated to be taught moderately clearly.
It is recommended to inquire with instructors Yaoyun Shi and David R Chesney.
376 will involve about 5 hours of your time per week and 494 will take about 12 hours per week.
Intro to Computer Organization is course 370.
Based on your preferences, I suggest EECS 441.
Optimization and Logic Circuit Synthesis is EECS 478
How big of a class do you prefer?
Given that, I would suggest EECS 281 or EECS 370.
Alright! What you have to say about the database? EECS 484 can be one of the courses I recommend you to take for the next semester.
Do you think that I should take EECS183?
What's your major?
Okay, would you be interested in taking an algorithm course?
My advise is only in regards to EECS classes, I apologize.
If you enjoyed computer vision and artifical intelligence, I would suggest taking graduate level machine. learning EECS 545.
For this class, it's a four.
Hi! Do you need help?
No problem.
The class that deals with the design of microprocessor based systems is EECS 373.
Yes, you do qualify for those courses.
Though you could meet with the professor teaching the course, David Chesney, if you're concerned about your prior programming experience.
I recommend taking EECS280 or EECS203 with a few other credits since you're a sophomore in computer science.
The basic building blocks of Computer Science is what it goes through.
This offered course is in the afternoon.
What do you want to learn
I think 281 is more important.
No problem!
if you want harder classes, try taking eecs 280 or eecs 203.
Okay. There might be a better choice than 584 for you.
I think you should just do 281 and 370, and save 376 to take with an upper level CS course later.
Yes, the course EECS280 is a big class and it is helpful if you want to find a job after you graduate.
The title of EECS 376 is "Foundations of Computer Science"
One of the main EECS classes that you will need is 183.
In that case, I would prefer EECS482.
Having some more EEcs classes would help you, I recommend 484.
Contingent on how you did in ENGR101, you'll be set for EECS280. If you were comfortable with the coding, particularly in C++, then you'll be more than ready.
The next large classes that every major needs to take are 281,370,376.
Do you love  computer games?
We sadly don't have previous course ratings for 470 on how difficult students thought it was
Greetings, how do you do today?
3.25 is the class easiness rating.
Based on your history, which two are most interesting to you?
eecs 280 and eecs 281 have to be taken in different semesters but you need to take both of them.
4 credits is what you'll get.
You should take EECS203 (Discrete Math) if you are interested in Computation Theory.
Database covers both
About that class, what was it that you didn't like?
After completeing the class EECS 183 I realized it was quite hard
You should consider taking EECS 381 and 482 together
To build up your ability of writing programs, I'd suggest taking EECS 183 first.
I dont think you should take either one. Neither EECS 482 nor EECS 381 are courses you are required to take.
No, attend any its up to you.
280 and 203 are needed for 281,  you need what you learn in those classes to assist you with 281.
The other MDE option that I would suggest is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
Not a problem!
376 is required for you to graduate.
I see you have wholetaken a lot of courses not specifically for an EECS major., so are you minoring in anything?
Are you sure you have taken EECS280, and EECS203 descrete mathematics?
370 and 281 both help a lot.
That is my mistake
I think taking a light course load would be good if you are already taking 2 courses.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 125:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you have a good idea of probability and combinations it should be manageable

C. options-for-next:
EECS 373 is the only upper level CS course you've taken as of now. So if you want to graduate after this semester, you'll have to take all three. Remember now, that you've still not taken EECS 376, another graduation requirement. If you wanted to take all of these classes in one semester, it would be a large workload with a lot of programming.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Before one can take EECS281, one must take EECS203
if you like,it, you can also take 473 as your MDE
what are some topics you are into
Next semester Professor Kieras is the one running the course. His helpfulness rating is a 3.29.
Given your background, EECS 370 Introduction to Computer Organization is too tough for you
It could be a good introduction to other courses as well in the software development area
Not a problem Come back any time soon
Then I recommend you to take EECS 373
To complete your MDE, you must take Tech Com 497 with EECS 496: Professionalism and Development. You must then select one design class. Your options include EECS 481: Software Engineering, EECS 441: App Development, EECS 494: Game development, or EECS 470.
You may expect a similar workload to 280 for the 2 classes
Hi, there! How can I help you today?
584 is a course about advanced database systems.
Does that peak your interest?
Given that you have just done ENGR 101, the next courses you should take are EECS 280 and EECS 203
With your classes, what area are you interested in looking at?
In what way may I be of assistance to you now?
Well, I'm pleased that you don't think that!
Excellent. Enjoy your day.
How can I be of service?
that sound is interesting to you
EECS 482 happens to be a recommended class, its helpfulness rating is 4.07 and the ease rating is 2.17
Have a nice day!
Besides that you would be able to take EECS 376.
As a junior, you may consider it.
After completing EECS 281, you will be able to take eecs electives, which could be some computer hardware courses.
If you have a good idea of probability and combinations it should be manageable
Would you like to discuss anything else?
Based on previous year's feedback, EECS280 is more hard than EECS203
For choosing majors, do you have in mind any particular preference?
If you liked EECS 270, you might like EECS 478. EECS 478 is Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization.
Good call, but make sure that you're completing other mandatory courses.
There are 64 students currently enrolled.
I see that ENGR101 is a class you have taken.
No problem, have a great day!
Do any of these jump out at you?
It is not big, the class has only 41 students in it.
If you are really interested in hardware, I would recommend 478
How do you feel about physics 240 and 241.
Typicaly this course is not very large. Only about 100 students enjoy each semester.
Do you need core or upper level classes?
But the class it has is large.
Discrete Mathematics deals with probability, logic, functions, algorithms, introductory combinatorics, graph theory, and discrete probability.
An elective for you is EECS 281.
Your plan for next semester sounds complete!
Scientist Reetuparna Das
Wednesday afternoon is the class time.
Skills and concepts of programming at a fundamental level in a high-level language.
Hello, what can I do for you?
Interested???
You will need these basic coding and math concepts that are covered in these classes and it will be important to be well versed in them  before moving on to more difficult classes
My suggestion would be EECS492.
I recommend the following capstone courses: EECS 441, EECS 467, EECS 481, and EECS 494.
Yes! Give me a moment to think
Taking the one course in Discrete math would be a good thing for you
Part of this class is a one hour discussion.
What is your interest?
For security, EECS 388: Intro to Computer Security is a 4 credit course about computer security. EECS 482: Operating Systems is a 4 credit course which provides a solid understanding of basic operating systems. EECS 492: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is a 4 credit course on AI.
In comparison, which is more useful EECS 370 or EECS 376?
485 is harder than some classes, but it is a great option.
heavy workload in this course
What topics interest you?
CS requires the most coding, the broadest prerequisites are 280 and 203.
It could be a good introduction to other classes as well in the software development area
281 may be the same.
Hello! What can I assist you with today?
Which class do you want to take, eecs280 or eecs203?
Good, then do you prefer introduction or practical courses?
How about beginning with something more fundamental because it's been some time since you were writing code in Engineering 101.
I prefer EECS484, which is database management systems.
Okay, what means a lot to you? Time, professor, caliber?
Is EECE 373 Design of Microprocessor Based System something that would appeal to you?
How about an upper level EECS class? That can help fulfill some graduation requirements
I would suggest EECS 484. It is a great course that focuses on databases and database management!
It starts at 0:00:00.
Do you want to take a course that is for your major
Tell me your preferences.
EECS 370 would be very relevant, you learn about hardware architecture and design.
The class teaches the principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing, especially when it comes to digital logical design.
My pleasure!
482 teaches you many topics which are important for operating system design and implementations. You learn multi-tasking; concurrency and synchronization; inter-process communication; deadlock; scheduling; resource allocation; memory and storage management; input-output; file systems; protection and security.
Well, seems like you have never taken any CS related courses before, are you
EECS 491 has classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays
Yes, to start you could enroll in EECS 381, Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
You can try EECS 281 instead.
It is one of the core requirements for computer science.
281 is heavy on programming. 376 is more theory based. It will be a good mix.
EECS 470, have you considered ?
Now it's time to move on to the core major requirements: EECS 281, EECS 370, and EECS 376.
Introduction to Computer Organization is covered in ECS370.
Hi there, what you doing in my office?
Okay that's perfect. I am glad I could be of help.
I would also suggest EECS 44I see you have already taken an MDE, but if you enjoyed it, EECS 441 may be another good option
What is the type of classes that you are interested in?
AI coursework is available.
EECS 203 is much smaller. It's usually around 55 students, while EECS 280 usually has nearly 170 students.
What do you think about taking EECS 203?
That course's title is Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
Additionally, 280/203 which are the following class you would take next have a prereq of 183

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 126:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

C. options-for-next:
Well, he is rated as being helpful.
For the field you are interested in I recommend you take EECS 388 or EECS475 if you have already taken EECS 281.
I would recommend 492, Artificial Intelligence. I did grading for that class and the NLP we did every semester was really interesting.
Was taking EECS 370 a class you enjoyed?
Greetgins, Stefan.
Bye
Looking at your course history I think you would be best to enroll in EECS478 or EECS475.
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
I see you haven't taken the advisory prerequisite course, Linear Algebra. I wouldn't recommend this course because of that. I would go for MATH 217 first.
Hello, how can I help you?
If you do consider EECS 478, I would not recommend another hardware-based course
For the next semester its available.
It's a satisfactory introduction to object oriented programming
Which is the most interesting to you? System, web, or software development?
It is a core class and is conducted by Igor L Markov.
Hi, should we start?
Are you interested in any kind of lower-level electives?
Have you thought about a computer science major?
Farewell
Did you try in Programming and Data structure?
Out of 5, easiness rating of 280 is 2.59 and 203 is 2.03
EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization is not very difficult and has a moderate workload so you could sign up for that.
Due to having taken ENGR101, EECS 183 is not required for you.
Probably not right now. You should go on to take 281, 370, and 376. They're required of every major.
i appreciate it, you too
Right now I don't have any info yet about the course start and end times.
Tell me what you're interested in.
What topics should we discuss today?
I have no idea what course distribution it fulfills, sorry.
The 493 course does not have much load.
EECS281 EECS 376 and EECS 370 are still available for you to take.
How many people do you prefer to be in your classes?
Course 595 is popular among students who are interested in Linguistics.
Do you enjoy EECS492 AI?
how can I help you
The class takes place every Monday and Wednesday morning.
A class about game design is offered.
To us, the information is not available to us.
You need to have gotten credit in EECS 281 by now for you to graduate on time as an EECS major because you are in your senior year.
EECS281 has a similar workload of 2.5, so if you are ok with EECS281 then you should be ok with this too.
EECS 485 is easier than EECS 481, if that's what you like
No.
Is there a specific type of computer science class that interests you?
It's great you saw it as a worry-free choice.
EECS 447 is Algorithms and EECS 481 is Software Engineering. I am glad you asked.
You're good to go if you don't have any questions.
This is an enjoyable class and isnt like more ordinary classes such as 485 and 482. You would probably prefer a class that has video games and similar fun activities.
Hey, how's your day going?
Glad I could help
Do you think Design of Microprocesor Based Systems seems interesting?
What courses interest you?
It feels like you are still missing a lot of the basic course requirements.
Skills and concepts of programming at a fundamental level in a high-level language.
Are you currently trying to double-major?
Let me check on that
This is good. Go for it.
Considering your excitement on web app application, I think you might also want to take EECS 441: Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs. This course will also include UI interface, and will be helpful for you to find jobs. It is in the afternoon, from 3:00 pm to 4:30 pm.
Yes, 3-5pm, correct.
Hello, I'm well, How can I help you search for wrt courses.
If you want something more entertaining, EECS 494 Game development is available.
You're welcome.
Thank you as well!
Have you thought about any upper level CS classes you might want to take?
I suggest you take EECS281 data structures and algorithms given your background.
I am happy to hear that .
Are there other questions you'd like to ask?
Yes, EECS441 is Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs, it is one of the more difficult electives but there is no discussion or lab sections so less of a time commitment. It is only 3 credits, also.
No worries, have a good day!
Having considered your background and interests, I am recommending you take EECS 281.
It would make sense to take EECS 376 or 281 next since both deal with Software Infrastructure Applications.
376 also is something I strongly suggest sophomores take.
Do you want to take a highly challenging course?
What are your interests?
You could begin with EECS 381, which is Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
I woudn't recommend either EECS 482 or EECS 381 as none is on your suggested course list.
Since you seem to have interest in Latin, do you want to pursue non-computing subjects while at Michigan?
A good class, I think, would be EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science.
Given your prior classes, EECS 470 will be fairly difficult.
EECS 484 Database management systems or 494 Computer Game Design and Development are classes you could sign up for
EECS 280 is programming and introductory data structures. It goes over techniques and algorithm development and programming.
I want you to prepare in mind that it might have heavy workload.
You can take it from 3-5pm
Is a Computer Science Major something that interests you?
Okay! so Intro to AI it is! I'm glad we had the talk!
2.23 is the easiness rating.
It seems that you've completed Artificial Intelligence already
I recommend EECS 183 to student like you.
Let me think for a while.
EECS 481 gets my recommendation
The class sizes for these courses range from 80-100.
Anything else I can help with?
Structures and algorithms are the themes of the course.
Have you thought about taking EECS 484?
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
The last semester can be tough with three classes.
That's wonderful.
Hello, may I help you?
We've got courses in each of those.
My recommendation would be smaller classrooms, because they are more hands on.
Are you looking to take a course within your major?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 127:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
So what are your requirements?

C. options-for-next:
The course is made up of basic algorithms and analysis as well as foundation analysis.
What kinds of courses would you be interested in?
In order to finish up your other requirements I would suggest that you take some courses outside of EECS.
To take this course you may have to drop other courses with similar difficulty
It is not necessary to retake course 492.
The clarity rating for the course is 2.69.
Or maybe you should consider EECS 376.
Well, as a Sophmore, I recommend you take EECS 281.
need EECS 280 before you can take EECS 281
Hope you a great semester
That's okay! Have you spoken with your professor? Usually They will usually work with you to help you improve.
You have finished the prereq for 467, which is 281.
If you think you can handle it, do it.
Okay I would suggest EECS376 (Foundations of Computer Science) EECS281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) EECS475 (Introduction to Cryptography) and EECS370 (Introduction to Computer Organization)
Maybe you should take the foundation of computer science?
For a CS major you need EECS 280, 281, and 183. Since you've already taken 183 and 280, you should take 281 next.
My suggestion is to take 281 the following semester.
Any more questions?
Yeah, you could take that to cover an upper level.
It looks like you have done very well in the EECS 281 course you've taken.
If you are interested in mobile development you can take EECS 441.
That class is about Foundations of Computer Science
What are you thinking?
Do you have any background in Computer science?
When something isn't code heavy, would you be able to find me that?
Hello, are you doing alright?
Order to complete your degree requirements
Have you seen Introduction to Artificial Intelligence (EECS 492)?
EEECS445 is a very important course for AI.
Not a problem.
Greetings.
You should be able to move on to EECS 281, I think.
Oh, alright, bye.
Having only taken EECS 280 and EECS 203, you are only able to take EECS 281,370 or 376 this semester.
Do you like any specific fields in computer science?
Not exactly. It is not an easy choice because it has similarities to EECS 370.
That is sufficient.
A component is elementary programming ideas.
Hello, what's your purpose here?
For the rest of your schedule, I would suggest getting some intellectual breadth under your belt, because you need 16 credits before you graduate.
No. Just learn it in class and spend a little time on it.
Professor Prakah will be teaching the class if you enroll in it this semester.
Absolutely! Let me know if there's anything else I can assist you with in the future.
281 Data structures and algorithm is what I recommend.
Right, you could take EECS484 Database Management Systems or EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development.
I'd highly recommend taking EECS 281;
The location is near software development and computer infrastructure.
When are you available?
I would advise taking EECS 281 and EECS 370 for a great semester.
So, I am only able to assist with you EECS minor.
EECS 281 fits into this and the classes are scheduled in the morning, sounds great.
Sure! what major are you going into?
Hello. What's your name?
I don't have any information about class times at this time, I apologize.
I see that you have not taken EECS 485
Yes, this is a course on computer hardware.
The class size is huge, but the workload isn't much.
It's definitely not going to be the easiest class but it will be helpful for sure.
A lot of credits are required to complete CSE so planning needs to be done early if you want to do something like double major.
After looking at your coursework i would suggest taking EECS280
If you haven't done well in linear algebra or statistics, then the class might be difficult due to amount of math.
Thanks. Bye bye.
Is there anything I can help you with?
If the course load is too much, I would suggest you drop EECS280.
You could sign up for EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization, which is not too difficult and has a moderate workload.
Does that interest you?
What are are you looking to take classes in?
My pleasure! Any other way I can help you today?
today do you have any other question
Not the best, but all our professors should generally meet a certain standard of quality
I would recommendt taking one course of breadth credit for your next term
Was 370 enjoyable for you? If it was, you could take EECS 470 at 3 PM. It's about computer architecture. If you liked 370 then this would be a good glass to take to continue with that subject area.
What difficulty would you like the class to be?
It is a core class. The instructor is Igor L Markov.
What area are you most interested in learning about?
Hello!
Do you have any ideas?
if you have no idea then it would be better to just take  EECS 183 and see what you think.
Do you have additional information?
Okay, would you be interested in taking an algorithm course?
What subjects interest you?
Yep, you have the prerequisite for EECS484.
These classes are of small size and have moderately helpful professors.
Welcome to student named kaushik
Hello qijun are you a sophmore?
Maybe STATS250 or 2 classes with a 300 level humanities requirement.
493 would be a easy on workload, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
Thanks, have a super day.
By all means, proceed.
So what are your requirements?
You have taken EECS 281 and you've expressed interest in database, I'd recommend EECS 484.
What is the reason for your visit today?
EECS 481 has an easiness rating of 3.25 and EECS 493 has a 2.93.
EECS 281 is what I strongly recommend you to take based on your condition.
Are there any questions?
I'm asking because there are a few required classes you can take next semester.
To learn elementary programming concepts you should take EECS183.
EECS 485 covers more topics in web development.
I wouldn't recommend more than 2 EECS classes, if you are taking a high level language class
Is Data Structures and Algorithms EECS 281?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 128:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes

C. options-for-next:
I suggest that you take EECS 478 and, as you took HISTART101, a history class dealing with middle age art.
I suggest Linear algebra since you can use it in many fields, like computer science and machine learning.
EECS 370 can be taken before more upper level courses.
Please
EECS 376 is a good choice if you want to further your knowledge of how computers work.
It is named "Discrete Math".
280 has a difficulty rating of 2.59, a clarity rating of 3.96, and a helpfulness rating of 4.13.
i recommend you take software engineering (EECS 481)
EECS 485 covers more topics in web development.
How can I help you today?
The class is Operation System.
For EECS 481, the only prerequisite is EECS 281.
What question did you have about CS?
However, hardware class is offered only in the morning session.
You could try EECS492, the introduction to Artificial Intelligence
Being a nice man, his courses always have students' high ratings
if this is the case
You're eligible for any number of courses.
Does programming interest you?
It's great you saw it as a worry-free choice.
If you need anything else, come back.
What's up, Yize?
Yes, this introductory class is easy.
On the helpfulness rating Computer Vision has 4 points
What topics are you interested in?
Do you need more recommendations, or do you have all the courses in mind?
It is a good idea to take EECS370 to finish your requirements.
EECS 281 is hard but not so bad.  It rates a 2.5/4 on the course difficulty survey.
If you choose to enroll in both, or even one, of these classes, you might do well to look into some easier classes to round out the year.
Is there anything that particularly interests you in the areas of computer science?
I would like to know your interests. Can you tell that?
I will be happy to help you today.
If you're not sure, I think it would be best to just take EECS 183 and see what you think.
How is this working for you?
Student, hi.
Based on your condition, I strongly recommend you to take EECS 281
What is the purpose of your visit today?
Is it usual to to take the class EECS281 after I complete EECS 280?
likeable class
you will be able to handle 373 based on courses you have taken
Good day, how can I help?
Are you thinking about taking any upper level CS classes?
The class size of EECS 281 course is about 81 students.
If you really liked 281 and want more of a challenge, I'd suggest EECS 381.
I recommend you take EECS 376 next semester because it's mandatory to fulfill the CS major requirements.
EECS582 has an easiness rating that is NA.
A nice day, you should have
Hello! What can I assist you with today?
Hardware and software will be covered in the course
Can I help you with anything?
When it pertains to that case, look into EECS 591 (Distributed Systems).
Many options are available for you to check out.
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes
Actually you are ahead of schedule
Ok, then I suggest you take EECS 281 and EECS 370 for a great semester!
However, my recommendation is to not take 482 alongside the other two because 482 requires a ton of work.
What topic interests you?
hi, how can i be helpful to you with?
What is your availability during the day?
I can provide you with more information if you'd like.
ok then here is another one i suggested
Hello, how are you?
Do you ahve any interest in taking any more EECS courses?
Are you interested in mobile app development?
How can I help you?
2.5 is the easiness rating.
For this semester, I recommend doing EECS376 and one of either EECS492 or EECS494 .
Are there any other classes that you prefer?
Okay, I've returned and am here, hi!
These two tasks combined is a reasonable workload.
The workload is too tough.. You can choose to take two of these courses..
376 is not  applicable
you should look through the course guide to see the description for the upper level courses offered next term
Alright, my recommendations are EECS376 (Foundations of Computer Science) EECS281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) EECS475 (Introduction to Cryptography) and EECS370 (Introduction to Computer Organization).
You should take multiple EECS classes this term.
Have you ever taken EECS281 before?
Let the workload survey be checked by me!
Yeah, those classes are heavy in math. And since you still need to take calc 3 i suggest you save it for the winter.
Do you want to drop another class?
I will suggest smaller classrooms, as they are more hands on.
It depends on how much work you're willing to get involved with 478, 370, and 281 since they are relatively busy schedule
On Mondays and Wednesday the course takes places.
Then I highly suggest EECS 388, EECS 484 and EECS 482.
If you're looking for a easier workload, I also suggest EECS 376
Computer science is good, great.
EECS 370 - Intro to Computer Organization is a course that you need to complete aswell
Ok, Are you interested in Computer Networks?
While there is a difference between math 214 and 217, they are both linear algebra. Math 217 is applied linear algebra and is known to be the harder of the two courses.
About 170 people
How many classes were you wanting to take next semester?
The same is probably true for 281.
They are both easier than 475
I see
2.69 is the course rating
I'm going to suggest linear algebra since it's useful in many fields.
You have the option to take summer classes to catch up.
Based on your background, I would like to suggest you take one of the two courses: EECS 550 Information Theory and EECS 551: Matrix Methods for Signal Processing, Data Analysis and Machine Learning FA 2012
Have a great one then!
EECS 376 is Foundations of Computer Science. It's kind of like an extension of EECS 203.
That shouldn't make a difference for now. You may have to take more electrical engineering classes in the future. For now I think you should take EECS 281 and EECS 376  and 370 if you think you can handle it.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 129:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you want to take game design and other computer science courses then Eecs 280 is a pre-requisite.

C. options-for-next:
The course 370 is called Introduction to computer Organization.
Around 40
Ok, do you have questions?
Several of the classes are related.
It would suit you well if your interests include web technologies.
It was not difficult for me.
EECS203 is easy with little work.
Taking EECS 281 and EECS 370 will satisfy your area of focus.
Of course I can help.
How many EECS courses are you looking to take?
The clarity rating for the course is 2.69.
The class usually has about 167 people.
Can i help you with anything else?
I was interest in that one! I need EECS 270 for my other classes as I fill my requirements.
Hello, what may I help you with
EECS582 has an easiness rating that is NA.
I would suggest taking Discrete Math.
Do you have any other preferences your should tell me?
EECS 492 and 442 are both in the intelligent systems area and are available next semester.
You need 3 upper level CS classes because this is only 12 upper level credits whereas graduation requires 16.
Are you trying to graduate this year?
Course 482 is very difficult and has a lot of work involved.
Directly, I think you can take both 203 and 208.
Is the Algorithms class only taught by Professor Stout?
If I were you, I would take either EECS 482 Intro to Operating Systems, EECS 481 Software Development, or EECS 484 Database Management Systems.
All the courses are 4 credits.
To state the easiness, it has a rating number of 2.5
For operating system, take EECS281.
Those who desire to do computer science should not find them difficult.
EECS281 was definitely a hard class.
No problem
It will help you learn about computer organization.
If it is your wish to take two EECS classes next semester, you can take 370 with 281.
How about Computer Hardware courses?
Yes that is correct, let me know if you have any more questions.
Hi, what can I do for you?
What can I do for you AJ?
No problem, bye now
Three classes, are you sure you want to take those?
Would you like to take this class next semester?
Appreciate you coming.
Are there questions you want to ask?
To be honest you've got ample time so far as your schedule.
EECS 492 has around 130 students which makes a difference in size compared to 481, where it only has 60-70 students.
Yes, you should take eecs 183 before eecs 280
Cool, do you have experience with programming?
Do you want to take CS classes next semester?
Yes, it's a higher level cs course.
I think 281 is more important.
Would you like to continue this track?
Many more upper-level classes are required for you. This semester you could do one of EECS492 and EECS494, and then the other next semester.
Is there any specific subject that you're interested in?
How big do you want the class?
That can be categorized under artificial intelligence.
Considering your previous courses, it should not be hectic.
I am interested in software development, are you?
A good class for you is EECS494 as you are also interested in Software Development applications.
Hello! I can help you.
Although you don't need 470 in order to graduate, it is part of the MDE requirement to graduate. Is is one of 6 class choices, of which 3 need to be taken simultaneously to graduate.
eecs 485 is about how the web works and eecs 484 is about how databases work and what happens in memory. Both are helpful when taken together. However, project deadlines may line up which can be difficult for those who struggle with time management. Overall, students use what they have learned in these classes for other classes
Sure!  EECS 373 which is about Design of Microprocessor Based Systems is one course I may suggest
For the courses in the afternoon, are you interested?
If you want to take game design and other computer science courses then Eecs 280 is a pre-requisite.
If you want a more challenging computer hardware course, you could choose to take  470 which is Computer Architecture, which is a graduate level course
Yes. Same time 3-5pm
EECS481 is another option for software engineering.
there are many morning classes.
It has to do with computer science.
I also suggest Introduction to Machine Learning, EECS445.
Depending on how easy you prefer, I suggest EECS 485 if you are going to take EECS 481
Hello.  How can we change your future today?
What are the topics that you are interested in?
Do you prefer classes in the morning or in the afternoon?
Okay I would suggest EECS376 (Foundations of Computer Science) EECS281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) EECS475 (Introduction to Cryptography) and EECS370 (Introduction to Computer Organization)
It is about some basic programming techniques and algorithm
What topic do you prefer, computer science or electrical engineering?
EECS 281 will have you pulling all nighters on the projects.
Each of those are courses that we've got.
Due to your preferences EECS 376 is what you should take.
I think EECS 376 is a good course, then.
Is that all or do you need to know more?
That should fit well.
Success is possible with this course, but it is easier for those with a background in machine learning.
Oh,sorry!
Does this work for you?
You will need to drop another course in order to take 549.
Is that all for you?
It's a fun class that's different from the other, more boring classes such as 485 and 482. I think you would like a course that deals with video games and other fun things.
I think you'd really enjoy EECS 280, given your interest in web development.
A student my want to register in this really popular course.
Can I help you with any more questions?
Looking at your interest in those areas, I believe you should take EECS 498, Computer Networks.
I see here in your file that you haven't taken 281 or 376 yet.
Alright, good to hear.
I urge you to enroll in both EECS370 and EECS376.
Advances language classes makes it difficult to handle anything more than 2 EECS classes.
You can try it.
Sorry, a LSA advisor would be of more assistance than me because I'm an EECS advisor.
Another great course is EECS, which is reviewed at 4.13, and there is always EECS 183 reviewed as 3.63.
EECS 481 focuses on pragmatic aspects of software system production and covers structuring principles, design methodologies and informal analysis.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 130:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.

C. options-for-next:
Everyone knows EECS203 is a relatively easy course.
so the difficulty rating for this class is 2.53/5
You should probably take EECS281 next semester.
EECS 482 is a good given your situation.
My pleasure.
The courses that can be taken in the Fall are eecs 370, eecs 376, and eecs 281.
Based on your preferences, I suggest EECS 441.
Looking at your previous courses, It's better if you sign up for EECS478.
Hmm, let's see. Let me look at your transcript.
It teaches the basic concept of how programs are executed by a computer.
since you haven't taken any eecs class i would recommend starting with that class firstly
I would recommend taking EECS 376, EECS 281, EECS 370 this term.
From what I know know 584 may not be the best option.
EECS470 is a class I recommend.
A good course might be EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts.
A good course to take next would be  EECS 376
You  need EECS 370 as a requisite for a CS degree and to be eligible for upper-level CS courses.
Great! Then EECS 485 might be just the thing that you're focusing for
EECS 441 might be a good course for you
Also, the class includes CSS, HTML, Javascript, and AngularJS.
taking computer science classes ok, are you interested in
For seniors I recommend EECS 482, EECS 485, and EECS 487.
What subjects do you like?
Hi there, how are you doing today?
you have a hip hip-hoppiting.day i hope
No problem! Nice talking to you
If youre interested in databases, I would recomment EECS 484 or 485, but if you like algorithms, then EECS 477
Introduction to Computer Organization is EECS 370.
Bye Varsha!
I don't believe that it is wisest to just choose the easiest course available
I'm here for that:)
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you tell me how many upper level cs credits are needed for graduation?
To get balanced schedule, you should take stats 250 instead of physics 140.
Welcome
The workload is 2.5. If you are ok with the workload for EECS281. I think you are ok with this.
Have I answered all of the inquiries about the material that I've covered?
The class covers data structures and basic algorithms.
That sounds great. It seems as if you have previously taken a handful of hard classes.
You are slightly behind schedule for the requirements, but with one tough semester you can catch up.
That is great! Do you need anything else?
Are there any more questions?
My pleasure, is there something specific I can help you with today?
Elaborate upon your preferred courses.
Hey there, how have you been ?
Perfect! Is database an interest? I recommend that you take EECS 484 for next semester, as one of your courses.
It is definitely not a easy schedule, but it isn't harder than your previous terms
Are you referring to a computer science class?
Taking EECS 281; have you considered it?
I'd suggest taking both 203 and 280 courses then.
It appears you must take eecs370, the Introduction to Computer Organiation.
Do you have other questions?
You can learn that in class, but be ready to spend more time that way.
Understood. You might think about taking the EECS 494 computer games course.
pleasant evening!
Is there anything else that you are interested in?
In order to be successful, Please take EECS 203 next.
How can I help you today Chong?
There are likely not any classes that you can currently take that relate to linguistics. After you take EECS 280 and EECS 203, and in later semesters EECS 281, there may be such opportunities.
Natural language processing is a kind of machine learning
Hello, May I help you with something today?
I agree with your selection.
People who want to take one more EECS course in addition to 281 should take 376 because 376 is not a project-based course like 281 and 370.
EECS 441 is a pretty light and easy MDE that is for web and mobile development.
If you are looking for an online course, I recommend eecs492 and eecs286.
These two course in computer science can provide a good foundation.
Are harder classes your preference?
Hi, how can I help you?
did you find 370 enjoyable?  If it was EECS470 is available and it has a start time of 3pm and covers computer architecture.  If you like 370 then you would probably like this and it is a good continuation
How else may I satisfy your needs?
Is graphics or algorithms something that interests you?
in order to declare the CS major, I would suggest finishing EECS203 as early as possible
Chances are you will do well.
May I suggest other classes that would be appropriate?
If you would like to find past student's rating you need to go to http://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/all_survey.2016.htm.
280 is an excellent course.
485, 492, and 494 are included by some
In my opinion, I would suggest you to take  EECS478 or EECS475 as per your last courses.
All of the courses are worth 4 credits.
What can I do to help you today?
The course runs circuitously.
The goal of the class is to teach pupils the basic components of the software life-cycle
The EECS281 class is made up of 81 students.
Was EECS203 easy to understand with the materials provided?
Oh Good, have a super day!
Are you planning on taking one of those classes next semester?
Don't get fooled, 280 is all project based and 203 is not but many students say 203 is harder than 280.
EECS 281's Pre-requisite is EECS 203.
Are you seeking more CS courses or courses outside engineering
I can't be sure but I think he's probably great.
Give me one second to think please.
our class size is slightly under 100
One great choice could be EECS545.
It would be a good idea to get a course out of the way next semester, since you only need 8 more breadth credits.
You can drop 492 and take 545 in this case
Go ahead.
Yes I can. To help finish up your requirements you should probably take EECS370.
I would say EECS376 would be good for you/
It would be quite a workload taking 376 or 370 with 281.
Ok, I will register your name for these classes

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 131:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Unfortunately, you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester but Eecs 281 is also necessary.

C. options-for-next:
Pushdown automata, context-free languages, turing machines, recursive languages/functions, regular languages, finite automata and computational complexity are all included in the intro to computation theory.
Ok, then I really recomment you take EECS494 Game Design course. It's a really good class with good teachers.
You have some classes required, namely EECS 376 or EECS 370. You are also free to take virtually any upper level course you'd like. One upper level elective you may want is EECS 485- web development.
How about a database class 484? I see you are graduating soon. You need a few more Eecs classes.
Structures and algorithms are the themes of the course.
It will be an easy class because it eecs407 is only one credit.
If you want the major then I would recommend this class.
EECS 370 or EECS 376 are usually paired with EECS 281
Are computer games liked by you? EECS 494 is Computer Game Development and Design
Algorithm questions are common in interviews.
Course EECS 203 is for people interested in math and discrete mathmatics
What do you need help with?
Would you also like to take a math class next semester?
Taking the EECS482 is suggested based on your info.
How can I assist you today?
Did you know the class for EECS 481 is 63.71 in size?
EECS484 is rated as fairly easy also.
Looking at your requirements for graduation, it seems you still must take 281.
Hello. How can I help you?
Unfortunately, you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester but Eecs 281 is also necessary.
Can I help you with anything?
Sure. I prefer you take EECS 281 and EECS 376 together.
Next semester, there are not many EECS classes that you can take.
Are harder classes your preference?
Due to your background, finding advanced programming classes is difficult.
EECS183 course is helpful in the long run.
Professor Sugih Jamin has a helpfulness rating of 2.8 for the class EECS487, Interactive Computer Graphics.
Is it usual to to take the class EECS281 after I complete EECS 280?
It's rating of easiness is 3.24.
Will you even be taking 3 other non EECS classes together with EECS 370 and a ULCS course?
For the EECS, which classes have you taken?
To declare an EECS major you must finish these two classes.
Next semester, you should take EECS281.
Given your preferences, I would suggest that you take EECS280.
It looks like you need to complete your pre-reqs first
I see you haven't taken 281 yet, you could take that this semester
Computer organization introduction.
The petition information and form is located at https://www.cse.umich.edu/eecs/graduate/cse/CSE.Petition.Request.Form.pdf
When taking EECS 388, EECS 370 will be helpful
Do you like morning or afternoon classes more?
Based on your feedback, I would recommend that you also take EECS280.
You will be educated on structured data types, pointers, linked data structures and similar stuff
No, EECS 545 is 3 credits while EECS 492 is 4 credits.
In the past, it has had class size around 80
You have taken the two initial classes you needed, now you are qualified to take 281 next semester.
Sure thing.
Are you more interested in general web technology, or in backend database management?
That class is the most useful one.
Former students have rated EECS 280 as a medium workload class.  It would be wise to take  EECS 280 with EECS 203 since you need both for EECS 281.  Which is required for a CS major.
You will be required to take 2 upper level CS courses and EECS 281.
Which one do you prefer; operating system or database management?
Keep going.
Good day student Kaushik
Do you prefer software development or web development?
Ok good, have a nice day.
The easiness rating for the class is 4, so it could be tough.
Hi what's up
Are more CS upper level credits something you need more of?
Indeed, and it's not too code dependent.
Awesome! Then I would recommend EECS 492, even though it is a 4-level course.  If you are interesting in learning website backend stuff, you could take EECs 484.
Agreed, what interests you?
It was not difficult for me.
awesome, good luck on your study.
It would be helpful to take STATS250 or MATH214 in the meantime
How about Operating Systems? It is an advanced class and you satisfy the requirements.
The requirements for the field can be found at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf
Do you look working with databases?
EECS 482 is a requirement, but you have already completed that
This seems like it could be a hard semester, so consider it carefully.
It was not trouble at all. Have a great one.
How do you think you did in your 3 computer science classes?
Most students thought it was pretty easy.
So far, how's your freshman year going?
What area would you like your classes to be in?
It doesn't seem like a big issue that most professors would fuss about.
For a big class you may also want to take 281
That is great. You're awesome. Do you need help with something else?
Yes, you can check out EECS 280.
I think you should choose EECS477, since that is what field you are interested in.
I appreciate the information.
You can take 370 with 281 if you want two EECS classes next semester.
The workload for EECS 482 is a huge amount.
Do you prefer morning or evening classes?
Keeping your interests in mind, I'd suggest taking EECS470 -- computer architecture.
There are two courses for you to choose from for Fall 2012 based on your background. I suggest you choose one of the following courses: EECS 550 Information Theory and EECS 551: Matrix Methods for Signal Processing, Data Analysis and Machine Learning.
If you needed a lighter workload, you can acquire just EECS 370 next semester and take your electives senior year.
You're welcome, bye!
Do you need anything?
There is a lot of work involved.
My recommendation is for you to take EECS 280 in order to improve your base coding knowledge.
He isn't instructing any course in next semester
Is there a big selection to pick from?
Not a problem, bye!
No!
Yes, EECS 280 and EECS 203  are both great for figuring out what you want to do as a CS major.
Kuipers, Benjamin
Is there anything else you have a question about?
Is this about Hardware or software?
Are you available on Monday and Wednesday?
I need a bit of information from you first.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 132:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.

C. options-for-next:
Is there a class with average difficulty?
Absolutely, please feel free to sit.
Can I answer any more questions to help you?
If you want, find out more information about EECS280
Next semester do you want to take your MDE?
What do you need help with?
If you are into algorithms, I would suggest taking that course, but it is always better to signup when you have more experience.
Any additional questions?
EECS 481's helpfulness rating is 3.38.
All are considered pre-major courses, so they aren't considered to be part of a specific field of CSE.
I have two EECS courses you need to take.
Are morning or evening classes preferred by you?
Info Retrieval has a little class
Course 376 is my recommendation for you as I don't have any others recommendations at this time.
What about a breadth course?
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.
If you are interested in computer hardware, I strongly prefer you take EECS470
What does this course teach?
If you're already doing 281, I'd also do EECS 376.
Awesome, do you wish to enquire further?
Sadly, I don't know the hours of any class
Based off the courses you have taken, I would look into EECS 493 (User Interface Development) and EECS 441 (Mobile App Development for Entrepeneurs)
You need to take 16 credits of Upper Level CS courses, and both 484 and 381 do count for this requirement.
Any more questions I can help you with?
EECS203 is not a difficult course and the workload is light.
Hey, what are you up to?
Is that okay with you?
There is a moderate difficulty level for EECS281.
No worries, you still have time to get this done.
Morning. Can I help you?
Are there any courses in particular that you're thinking of already?
Does one or the other sound interesting?
Also, this course is easy.
EECS 477 Intro to Algorithms runs on Tuesday/Thursday, if that sounds interesting.
sure, what are your queries?
I'll look into that.
Even though, if you are going to take Machine Learning, I would suggest taking Intro to Artificial Intelligence
World, hi!
Doing the basics will get you some hands on experience.
specific area are interested in
For both of those courses you can expect the workload to be similar to what you had in 280.
You are also required to complete EECS 370 - Computer Organization
What courses interest you?
Yes, those are courses that you can take.
What are your preferences on class size?
Don't worry, next semester you can take eecs 183 and 203, plus stats 250, together.
However, doing 270 before 370 will make 370 much less difficult.
Yes, you could take EECS 492 Intro to Artificial Intelligence or EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems, which have bigger class sizes.
According to the class description, it has to do with problem solving through group studies, and will have one big project
Hello.
I would recommend EECS 381 if you liked what you did in 281 and want something challenging.
We will focus on web development using Python in course 485.
EECS285 is the correct number.
The course listing times are not available.
You will have to take many more upper-level courses. You can take EECS492 and EECS494, one this semester and one next semester
In any case, keeping track of what the matrix sizes are is mostly all that linear algebra is about.
As far as flextech requirement goes, I'll have to get back to you because I don't know offhand
What major fields capture your interest the most?
would you respect taking EECS 381 and 482 together
Which one do you like more, operating system or database management?
I recommend EECS 370
You will find this useful for your degree.
What can I do for you this morning?
Have you given consideration to making EECS minor instead of doing it as a major?
Good luck next semester!
Seeing that you have taken MTH 105 and 115 shows me that you are ready for EECS 203.
It's at 9:30 in the morning on MWF
The other engineering courses are in your schedule
Two out of five scale it is.
Is there additional information that you would like to know about this classes or other classes?
What is your workload preference for your classes?
Thank you, you too!
Hi Jack!
EECS 203 pairs really well with 280 when taken together.
Alright, give me a second to think about it.
That course is rated 3 in terms of easiness.
The course for Intro to Computer Organization is EECS370.
Great. That is what I am good at
Taken a lot of EECS courses I see
EECS 482, Intro. to Operating Systems is a course a lot of students who like programming take. It is a hard course but most student's consider the pay off to be worth it.
The EECS 481 has a Helpfulness rating of 3.38.
The class has an average of 26.6 student, so you should like it if you like smaller classes.
Do you want me to tell you about the 300-level courses?
You should take EECS 280 if you want an EECS class that's not too hard.
do you have any other question
Foundations of Computer Science is that class
The title is Web Database and Information Systems.
Quite a few students enjoy eecs 487. Another great course is  eecs 493
How can I help you today?
It's nice to meet you, Yi.
How about EECS 485 or EECS 482?
It is a lot of work. You can also take EECS 481, Software Engineering, with EECS 376.
As EECS 545 does not satisfy ULCS requirements, so you should not.
Under those circumstances, a viable alternative could be EECS 591 (Distributed Systems).
You are welcome.
You should take those first.
Yes I can help you.
The code is EECS281.
This course is focused on applications.
Next semester, how many classes are you planning on taking?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 133:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

C. options-for-next:
That is perfect! Help you with anything else can I?
Hello. Tell me what you're interested in talking about today.
Have you previously had experience using linear algebra?
Intro to computers.
EECS 493 is more difficult, but that is in regards to classes you have taken in the past,  for example EECS482 would be simplier
You don't have your MDE requirement covered. I don't think you can graduate right away.
Given your background, I would suggest EECS183.
Sounds good to me. I'm heading to my next appt now.
What class size would you feel comfortable taking?
Yes. EECS 370 and EECS 376 are right.
You're welcome
Isn't that correct?
This is an introduction to mathematical foundations of computer science course.
This term, it is only M/W sadly
It won't be the easiest class but it will surely be helpful.
EECS281 is a difficult course.
Are you doing fine today?
Yes, this course does have requirements.
My pleasure. Goodbye.
You're welcome.
Are you seeking more CS courses or courses outside engineering
It is much easier.
I notice that you have already taken many computer science classes.
I would recommend taking EECS 376, EECS 281, EECS 370 this term.
If you'd like a more difficult semester where you'd learn a lot, you could take EECS 482 at 4:30pm. It's regarded as one of the more difficult CS classes, but it's helpful and you'll learn a lot.
Hey, how may I assist you?
I want you to try 14 - 16 credits, so plan on 3 or 4 classes.
What do you think about taing those two classes along with level 300 humanities or statas 250.
Hi
Try these courses to get a good start for yourself.
Great! I have an idea for you. How do you feel about taking Introduction to Artificial Intelligence as a class?
I bid you farewell as my greatest honor is to assist you
EECS484 will not be difficult for most students
DO you intend today to pick classes for next semester?
Have a try at EECS 487 Computer Graphics it can be interesting too
You need any help?
Ok, so what are the topics that interest you the most?
Which begins at 15:00 and finishes at 16:00
What is your availability?
It's a basic class for a computer science major.
Great! Have a good day!
I am delighted that your file shows significant experience in hardware calsses.
Okay, I would research those courses and see what interests you the most if I were you, is there anything else you need?
That would be directly germane if your interest is in web technologies.
What major are you? CE or CS?
The professor for Cryptography, Kevin Fu, is great, and has a high clarity and helpful rating.
EECS 281 elaborates on specific algorithms, while EECS 477 is more about algorithm performance analysis and optimization.
Hello, what can I do to help you?
Have a great day.
In hardware or software based setting are you interested in?
It would be the clearest of all the EECS courses you have taken so far.
Alright, perfect. Those classes will suit your needs well.
Is there any problem today with you?
EECS 573 Microarchitecture is only 3 credits which is easy class with the class size of around 30 students.
Good afternoon, what do you have questions about?
which are the two interests you
Do you prefer classes including computer hardware?
are you doing good?
What's your opinion on workload of the courses you took?
It is known that EECS 203 is a very difficult course.
Eecs 183, eecs 203, and stats 250 are all classes you can take together next semester.
Hello, my friend!
The theory of artificial intelligence is what it's about, which games use.
Pleased I could take care of it for you.
It looks like you are still missing a lot of the basic course requirements.
If you must, you could take an additional easy upper level like EECS 493.
I will take a look at your prior courses.
The class time has not been decided yet
If you seek a class of about 100 students, look at EECS 281 which has an average of about 80 students.
As far as difficulty, this class is up there.
Most students take EECS 281 in their Sophmore year, which I what I recommend for you.
What courses are you interested in?
which one do you prefer more? imagine processing or machine learning?
376 is a mandatory class.
You need to program more, but they are not very heavy.
There are a lot of things it can teach you.
What would you like me to help you with today?
After you will be able to take high level CS classes.
Why did you come here today?
Do you have any more questions that need answered?
You can choose a course you would like to take next semester, are there any you had in mind?
Hello Yize, how are you today?
The topics in Discrete Mathematics are probability, logic, functions, algorithms, introductory combinatorics, graph theory, and discrete probability.
By the way, how did you like course ENGR101?
You take care now!
Pre Major Courses are not part of CSE.
Interesting algorithms are included in this course.
Hello, what can I help you with?
You are welcome. Glad I could help
What topics interests you?
It is rated at 5 for simpleness.
EECS484 has a big class size.
Yes!  Since you enjoyed 492, this course would be a good fit.
Hello how can I help you today?
Course EECS445 is machine learning.
How can I assist you?
Looking over your courses, it seems fine for you to take them at the same time.
Please let me know if you have any other questions
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
Sure. Let me review your background

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 134:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
So what are your requirements?

C. options-for-next:
What size class do you prefer, if any?
Hi there!
If you want a lighter load, EECS 376 has one and it's required.
Great, it sounds like two courses that may be good for you are EECS 481 (Software Engineering) and EECS 492 (Intro to AI).
Great, do you have anymore questions for me?
Guessing it would be a good spot to be in.
Despite the fact that the workload of this course is somewhat heavier.
Do you find yourself desiring hardware or software-related courses?
Are algorithms something you would be interested in?
You've taken a lot of 500 level courses, so you'll be fine.
It begins at 10am and goes for an hour and a half
I recommend 478 if you like hardware.
If you really feel like working hard but you also want to get a lot of prerequisites out of the way, you could take EECS370, EECS376, and EECS281, but those add up to a difficult combination.
There are 81 students in EECS281.
Best wishes for your studies, goodbye.
EECS 373 is in the mornings of Wed. and Fri., EECS 492 is in the afternoon and EEC 484 is an evening class
It's tough to say...
Greetings.
I hear it's quite interesting.
It would be helpful to take STATS250 or MATH214 in the meantime
It is required to take EECS 370 and EECS 281 for the upper level classes and these are interesting. I would suggest these two if you want to take more higher level classes. On the contrary, a lighter workload is found in EECS 376 and EECS 281.
My pleasure.
Yes. Do you have any problems?
EECS 370 would be very relevant, you learn about hardware architecture and design.
Any time. Good luck!
EECS 281 would be great for you
There are many courses you can take next
Yea sure! No problem!
Anything else?
What are the completed math courses that you have?
That would explain why you have a strength in C++
However, I think you will learn a lot if you work hard.
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately both 280 and 281 can't be taken by you in the same semester.
My recommendations for the EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts are high.
The course you're refering to has an easinessrate of 3.
eecs280 and 203 have a heavy workload, but it is a very common pairing.
You're welcome, have a good one.
So what are your requirements?
Hello! How can you be helped by me today?
492 is hard with other EECS courses but not as much on its own.
Excellent.
It is over at 1:30pm and is 1.5 hours long.
Any more questions I can help you with?
EECS 595 Natural Language Processing is also be good for you
The course will benefit you greatly but it's got its difficulty too.
After completeing the class EECS 183 I realized it was quite hard
Only but for one criterion can you use it.
Are your interests fake or real?
What time is the class?
Anytime.
Affirmative.
yes, you have that, 280 is the pre req
EECS183 would be my recommendation when considering your preference on class size.
You should take 494 and 492 based on what you are interested in.
Have a nice day!
Yeah, what topics are most in line with your personal taste?
For the rest of your classes, I would suggest some intellectual courses, since you need 16 credits to graduate.
Would you like EECS courses?
Today do you have any questions?
My recommendation is for you to get the requirements for 281 (Data Structures and Algorithms) and 376 (Foundations of Computer Science) out of the way.
then you can take EECS 482
I'm curious whether you have given any thought to EECS 484?
There are two courses upon which you should focus.
You can take 370 alongside 281 as long as you don't mind doing two EECS classes in the same semester.
EECS is needed before Math next semester.
EECS 203 would be another option you could take.
This course is taught by Professor Cafarella and covers many web topics
Are you planning to take 3 non-EECS classes with 370 and a ULCS?
Hi Shan! How might I be of assistance today?
183, Elementary Programming Concept, is the easiest EECS class you can take next semester
The toughest course available to you is EECS 183, introduction to programming
I notice you took ANTHRARC285, which seems very different than your other coursework.
what does the boy want?
Are you interesting in natural language processing?
The difficulty of EECS 281 is usually moderate
You did a bunch of chemistry but not so much calculus, correct?
Today, how can I help?
Theoretical data is usually assumed useful for computer science majors.
The class size for EECS 481 has 63.7 students and 493 has 94.33 on average.
You're welcome.
Taking EECS 281 for me would be a good decision
Yi, can I help you?
true, but it is very helpful and required for Higher Levels
376 is average while 492 is slightly harder. It should be fine if you take both classes.
My recommendation for you is to take EECS 281: Data Structures and Algorithms.
Basic algorithm analysis, foundational data structures and basic algorithms are contained in this course.
I hope that you have a good day.
Alright. Well have a good day.
You have to take EECS 203 before you take EECS281 because it's a requirement.
A lab does not exist.
EECS 370 (Intro to Computer Organization) teaches you about how low-level language and computer hardware interact.
Are you interested in finance more than EECS?
Hello, I'm doing well.  Can I help you look for wrt courses?
Informal retrieval is one of the smaller classes
Do you have a preference on another class?
Alright for you, in your case, computer architecture 470 would be a good option
later
Either is a large class.
That course is rated 3 in terms of easiness.
Are there any questions you need help with?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 135:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.

C. options-for-next:
Michael John Cafarella will take up this class.
Does number of students usually matter to you?
Your welcome, i hope you have a great night tonight.
Right, I would say not to take any other EECS classes next semester, since that would be a heavy workload.
Okay, see ya!
You may want to consider EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization, and EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms. They are all core courses.
I propose taking EECS 183 due to your likings.
If you are into it, I think that you should take machine Learning.
I think that should be a part of our plan.
You have many choices.
You have some time since you're a sophomore. You could take 376 and 270 first if you wanted to go the 270 route.
Have a great rest of the semester. Fantastic!
4 upper level electives, thats what you will need to take.
I suggest referring to the course guide available at http://www.lsa.umich.edu/cg/
In what area are you interested?
What class difficulty do you prefer?
Does the CS major fulfill you?
The professor for Cryptography, Kevin Fu, is great, and has a high clarity and helpful rating.
I'm curious whether you have given any thought to EECS 484?
It is likely you will be asked algorithm questions in your interviews.
Are you planning on taking one of those classes the following semester?
The course is on circuits.
What do you need from me now?
I believe that workload is possible for most students!
If you are in the market for software dev, 481 would be an appropriate decision.
It's from noon to 3:30, Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Not next year. EECS 281 must be taken before you can take EECS 388 and EECS 485
Hey Student
Taking 14-16 credits is what I suggest, that's 3 or 4 classes.
Have a good day!
Do you need help regarding the courses?
OK, I ask because there are still a few required classes that you could also take this coming semester.
281 is the backbone of the Computer Science major since you will learn about fundamental data structures in it.
I would suggest taking EECS 485, Web Databases and Information Systems. EECS 484, Database Management Systems, expands upon some of the database topics discussed in EECS 48EECS 493, User Interface Development, is also extremely beneficial for developers designing websites and web applications.
You still have to take EECS 376 and EECS 370 to graduate.
Fantastic. What is the total number of classes you wish to take in the next semester?
You haven't taken any EECS courses, I suggest you start attending some.
Wonderful! It was great talking to you today!
Tell me your interests within the field of EECS
my pleasure
Ok.
You have my welcome.
Can I help you?
Do you need a teacher to push you to learn
I would recommend 492 Artificial Intelligence. We did very interesting NLP stuff when I graded for that class.
eecs 493 is a great course. A large number of students love eecs 487.
What are your career goals?
There are a number of other upper level classes
and EECS 370 together
Eecs 203 is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes so you should take that.
This is a typical MDE for CS students
What other fields of study are you interested in?
Ok, what courses would you like to talk about?
Do you have any other questions?
Are you interested in something related to AI?
However, if you want a challenge, course EECS376 is a good foundation class.
Considering the courses you've already taken, it shouldn't be hectic.
I am glad I was of service, good bye.
Both are big classes with class sizes of 129.1 for EECS 484 and 128.5 for EECS 485
For both of the classes the work load is very strenuous.
Are you intrigued?
EECS 281 has to be taken before EECS 388 and EECS 485
Do you have any idea what you're going to focus on?
It is an intro to Cryptology
3.77 is the clarity rating based on past feedback.
How are things going today?
If the course had a large class size would that be a problem?
Have a good afternoon and evening.
EECS 281 is one of the more difficult classes to take in the CS department, but it is also the most important because it is the prerequisite to almost every upper level CS course offered.
You have plenty of time, so don't worry!
I suggest you take EECS 545.
Yes it is. EECS 203 is required for many upper level CS courses.
Sure thing.
Are you looking to take a heavy or light semester?
Bertacco, Valeria
However, I suggest you take Intro to AI if you are taking Machine Learning.
Do you like something related to AI?
Nice! the majority of people follow up that class with EECS 280
EECS203 is less hard than EECS280 based on last year's feedback
EECS 376 is called "Foundations of Computer Science"
To graduate I need to make sure to get some upper level computer classes.
It is very useful and a 4 credit course.
Since you enjoy this amount of a workload then I would say take those remaining three classes.
Hi there, how are you feeling?
Advanced design of logic circuits and so on is what EECS 478 is about.
Great!
Absolutely! You'll learn how to use systems in order to manage databases in this class.
Anytime!
Generally, many people signup for both a semester
You're already taken some manageable moderate courses, after all
What did you want to talk about in terms of relevant topics?
EECS493 is a low to medium workload, but 485 is medium, to high.
Okay, sounds great, have an awesome day!
Take EECS492 and EECS494, one this semester and the next semester, you need to take more upper level courses
The class is designed to make you like programming and getting to know people, it shouldn't be too difficult.
How can I be supportive to you with today?
Yes, and he is part of Prof. Rada's team on semantic understanding and general action recognition.
It is a very popular class and multiple sections should be available, but I can check currently our system is having issues currently.
Sorry, I don't see any classes  about web dev that you can take in the next semester
I think you should take EECS 492, the class about AI, what do you think?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 136:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.

C. options-for-next:
EECS592 is focused on aplications
My pleasure! Bye
What type of classes do you prefer, morning or afternoon ones?
485 is one of the harder elective but it's a good option.
Thank you. Please take our brief survey on your experience at the end of this chat.
EECS281 appears to be the most difficult class next semester if you take all the recommended classes. From what I see here, it's as hard as EECS 280.
It depends how you feel in EECS 370 whether you will find 373 hard or not.
You still have 3 core classes left given your enrollment record.
No, it has about 50 students in it.
If you are interested in some practical software development courses, there is a course for Computer Game Design and Development EECS494 or you could try Mobil App Development for Entrepreneurs EECS441.  I have noticed you previously took some courses in programming and database applications.
No, you are great!
So there are a lot of options, but I need some more information to help give you advice on which might be best for you to pick.
A grade like that is good.
Benjamin Kuipers is the name.
Linear algebra is basically just keeping track of matrix sizes.
Sit down first please.
Do any of these catch your eye?
Wonderful! Hope you enjoy 373!
In the past, have you ever taken a computer science class?
Do you like a particular area of computer science?
You may have difficulties with the advanced programming classes, due to your background.
Not a problem! Tell me if you have more queries.
EECS 280 and EECS 203 are the preferred courses for you.
Well, in that case I recommend you do those classes, great job Stein!
Generally, 370 is more helpful.
Which of the classes have you already done?
I think your workload would be easier if you took 370 and 3 other non-EECS classes only if the non-EECS classes have light workloads
Computer networks & security
Yes, go right ahead.
At what times during the day will you be available?
Is that class fairly easy?
Do you plan to take a MDE next semester since you are a senior?
Humanities and other general credits that are not BS credits fall under the breadth course umbrella.
Stats 415 and 470 would be the easier 400 level statistic classes with a lighter workload, if you enjoy statistics.
You've got a few options, but be forewarned that Web courses are generally challenging, you should consider EECS 485, 545, 492, or 487
It's at 9:30 on MWF
Do you need help with something today?
Okay, I recommend not taking eecs 481 or eecs 441 because those classes are for seniors
As far as I know, you need to complete EECS203.
What can I help you with today?
Would you like to learn more about that?
Is 281 the the more important class?
Do you have any knowledge  about Computer Science?
Do you prefer operating system or database management?
EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is similar in class size and easiness rating.
It could prove difficult to take either 376 or 370 with 281, however it really depends and what you want as a workload.
You should take 583 in order to know compiler.
Hello what i do to help you today?
Okay. Let me review your background.
That's prefect! Can I help you with anything else?
Both are fairly neutral.
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.
Hey there, how can I assist you?
What interests you?
Although, definitely as you move into these upper level coursesI wouldn't recommend missing lectures like you did in 280, you might fall behind.
EECS 203 is the last course you need before you can declare your major
You are free to proceed if there are no questions.
The studies are great, good luck!
have i satisfied your questions?
Do you have something in your mind?
Are you interested in any kind of lower-level electives?
Which do you prefer, web or software development?
Would you like information regarding one of them ?
If you're interested in similar topics, EECS 492 has plenty on them
Welcome, how may I help you?
EECS 376 is about the theory of computation and contains topics like turing machines, computability, complexity, and cryptography
taking EECS484 would be recommended
Ok. You may want to take EECS 370 for the requirement. The easiness rating of EECS 370 is 3.24, with 92 students enrolled.
Any interest in front end or back end?
What do you know about programming before?
No.
Do you have an area you want to focus on?
Just take courses outside of your major that you are interested in like cooking.
great! good luck!
To help with 281, you need to have taken 280 and 203
Thing for sure!
You should take one of the two courses as they have a heavier workload and then EESC376 as it has an easier work course load
Is there an area within computer science courses that you are most drawn to?
Does that sound appealing to you?
Greetings! How can I help you out today?
It is a prerequisite for a lot of software courses.
Glad I could help.  Have  a great day!
Give me just a minute to pull your profile.
Nice afternoon!
hi
EECS 493 is User Interface Development, EECS 481 is Software Engineering, and EECS 484 is Database Management Systems. These courses are typically considered moderate in workload
From what I see on your report I would suggest taking EECS 203 next semester
Hello! How might I assist you?
The instructor is pretty clear in explaining concepts, I know him.
You are also missing your MDE, which is another 8 or so credits that you need to finish.
Tell me the kind of course you want to register for
You are qualified to take EECS481 Software engineering! It is a very popular course in software development.
What are the topics or fields that you are interested in?
Okay, then enroll in some classes that are more team-based like EECS 485.
This is a programming course, yes.
Do you find that interesting?
between eecs280 andn eecs203, which one would you like to register for?
EECS203 Discrete Math should be a condsideration for you.
EECS376 is a required course, but it's not a prerequisite to any other courses.  You should also take an upper level CS course, such as one of the following: EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science, EECS482 Introduction to Operating Systems, EECS484 Database Management Systems, EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence, EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development, EECS442 Computer Vision, or EECS441 Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs.
EECS376 needs some background that is taught in EECS280.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 137:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me look at your transcript real quick.

C. options-for-next:
Are you switching from CSE to CS, by chance?
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.
You Looking for wrt Courses? What help, I am good.
Do you have any experience with Artificial Intelligence?
Here you are. You already have 30 credits. Now you need 12 more credits next semester.
Enjoy the day.
I recommend taking an easy non-cs class to level out your workload
Hi! How can I be at your service?
I hope everything goes well!
What area of study do you want to take classes for?
In my opinion, you should sign up for it.
The hardest course accessible to you is EECS 183, prologue to programming
In regards to topics, which are you most interested in?
What are your interests?
How easy of a class are you looking for?
Are those all the questions you have?
My bad, it actually has a prerequisite to get in
This sounds awesome!
You should remember that this class is more theoretical than 281.
How can I assist you?
Only the morning session offers hardware class.
If EECS 281 is wanted by you for next semester, you need them both.
This course teaches the principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing.
eecs281, eecs370, eecs376.
Courses along the line of artificial intelligence are somewhat related to computer games.
You seem to have already taken EECS388 (security) and EECS475 (cryptography).
Ok, you've been added to the class
Computer organization is taught in EECS 370 and Foundation of computer science is taught in EECS 376.
You seem like you would be interested in EECS 567.
Will that doing be desired by you?
Okay, Are you interested in core fundamental classes or more specific subjects?
You could take some other upper level EECS classes, or maybe an intellectual breath or technical elective that interests you, as you are still not sure of a specific interest
2.5 is the rating of the measure of ease.
The class size is huge, but the workload isn't much.
Hi I am your course advisor. How can I help you?
how about the problem today, do you have any?
The class covers algorithm and structure.
Engr101 satisfies the requirements.
were you able to work out your schedule?
281 is a weeder course that teaches you data structures and algorithms. You normally take this in your sophomore year.
Hi, what can I do for you?
If you take 280 it may open up plenty of other eecs courses in the future.
Chesney, David R.
You will find that the workload for more than 2 EECS classes per semester is too hard.
Though I think you could manage either option
EECS 280 is more of a challenge than EECS 203
Excellent. Glad I could help.
You sohuld be taking 373.
Due to your background, finding advanced programming classes is difficult.
EECS 485 is a good class for learning web dev.
Having already taken 281, why would you need a transfer credit?
It is my greatest honor to assist you. I bid you farewell.
Have you accepted EECS381
You have to keep up because the courses have tougher projects.
A good class to take in your sophomore year is EECS 281.
How is your experience with 270 and 215?
Yes, I would suggest EECS 203 of the three software classes available to you.
You will learn circuits with this course.
Based on your interests, I'd recommend taking EECS 492 Introduction to AI.
Which class is processor architecture?
This class is quite large.
That's what I had in mind! EECS 270 is a good choice because it opens up several classes for you down the road.
Course EECS445 is machine learning.
EECS 381 is a difficult course and should be taken only if you are highly motivated towards Software Development
Registering for EECS370 with EECS281 is a good choice.
Both of these courses aren't difficult.
Based on what you have learned, I think EECS 281 is a good choice.
Awesome! Then I would recommend EECS 492, even though it is a 4-level course.  If you are interesting in learning website backend stuff, you could take EECs 484.
Sure. In what way can I help you today?
Things about turing machine will be learned by you in that class
A more advanced database class, for example EECS584, would be a good idea.
Sorry, I messed up, it does have a prereq.
What areas would you like to focus on?
It is a heavy workload class, and it studies algorithm and data structures
EECS588 is Advanced computer and network security
So unless you are comfortable with working through an upper level course more independently, I would recommend sticking to taking just EECS 281 and 370.
Next semester, how many classes are you planning on taking in EECS?
would that be something you would like to do?
This course has the lowest easiness rating.
It will not compete with your schedule.
Your educational background leads me to believe you will want to take EECS484, which is Database Management Systems.
My suggestion is 492, Artificial Intelligence. I used to grade for that class, and every semester we did really interesting NLP work.
Since you have completed some classes in math and physics
These courses will teach about the layered structure of a computer.
you will be fine
In any case, keeping track of what the matrix sizes are is mostly all that linear algebra is about.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
You might be interested in EECS 373, Design of Microprocessor Based Systems, and EECS 470, Computer Architecture
What are you interested in?
Happy to serve you today, what can I help you with ?
Not a problem! Good luck to you!
Math 203 and 250 will be easy for you if you are good at math.
How useful is the introductory data structure course?
"Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs" is EECS441.
But I do think you could handle either choice.
Let me look at your transcript real quick.
It is too much work to try and take more than 2 EECS classes in a semester.
The class size for EECS 183 is around 100-150 and for EECS 280 the size is 150-200 students.
I think EECS485 would be a good class for you.
EECS 203 and 280 are requirements

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 138:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
It's Tuesday, Thursday 2-3:30 pm.
The recommended courses for you to take are EECS280 and EECS 203, both of which are medium to hard difficulty.
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
What did you major in
Of the classes you took, which did you enjoy taking?
It should be what the demands of regular 3-credit classes are.
Hi
Okay, until next time!
Which level of courses would you like to take, easy courses, medium courses or hard courses?
The next semester class times aren't set yet.
I need a bit of information from you first.
OK, is there any topic that you are interested in?
For an intro-level class on algorithm analysis and O-notation, pick EECS 271.
Hope you do well. Adios.
"How you are?"
Hope you have a wonderful birthday!
You have many options since you're a sophomore.
Unfortunately hardware class is only offered in the morning session.
Why is that?your course load looking pretty heavy next semester, is it?
Definitely, yes.
I will hae to get back to you later because unfortunately the time hasn't been listed yet.
Hello! How can I help you today?
The class is easy, yet intense.
Regarding either of those classes, do you need me to elaborate further?
or a lot of upper level classes that people find interesting, EECS 370 and EECS 281 are the requirements. so if you want to start taking more higher level classes, I would suggest those two. else, EECS 376 and EECS 281 might have a lighter workload.
That is fine. Feel free to consult me with any questions you may have. Best regards.
EECS485 is one that I would recommend taking.
What courses do you think you want to take?
Okay. What would you like to know about this class?
What can I help you with today?
Yes, this class has a discussion section.
Sorry, I don't have the faintest notion what course distribution it fulfills.
EECS 567 seems like the sort of course you'd be interested in.
Stats 415 and 470 are the best statistics class levels to take.
That will be fine, anything else?
Were you happy with your EECS 270 and EECS 370 classes?
have a good Monday, thanks for the chat
Class time will be Monday and Wednesday, from 1:30 p.m. to 3:00 p.m.
Ok alright, good bye!
I see you took math, do you like math?
The class EECS 376 is called "Foundations of Computer Science"
Id there anything else I can help you with
I think computer vision is a better choice than VLSI because you'll get to make automated learning systems.
How many classes do you want to take?
The class size is 58.
Awesome, EECS 492 is a choice. EECS 492 is a 4-level course. EECS 484 teaches the backside of websites, if you would like that course.
What is your favorite subject?
The course is not quite hard. The easiness rating is 3 over 4 and the past students find it is quite helpful!
If you're looking for something useful, I would suggest linear algebra.
You will need to take EECS370 at some point if you want to major in computer science.
Thanks! See you later.
No
My pleasure
Expect the event to start at 12pm and end at 1:30pm.
have a go at EECS 477 its about core skills in AI
It's just basic programming techniques and algorithm.
Did you want 370 and 485?
You should take EECS203 Discrete Math.
I strongly recommend EECS470.
You will get 4 credits for this class
Good. So long.
Have a great rest of the day!
You can enroll in EECS487
I wouldn't call the class hard, because the easiness rating is 3 of 4.
Tuesday and Thursday are slated for the discussions and classes.
Considering that
It definitely counts as a ULCS for Data Science.
EECS 373 and EECS 470 are from 10:30 am to 12:00 pm which is pretty late, but EECS 373, EECS 470 and EECS 485 are in the morning.
Yeah so EECS 381 focuses on C/C++ by going very in depth with OOPS and hence is notoriously known as the most difficult EECS course
Do you have any interest at all in EECS?
I'll find out.
You might like EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization, and EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms. They are all core courses.
Ultimately, it all boils down to time management.
how's your gpa
Is there anything else?
Based on classes you have taken, you will be able to handle 373
It's a difficult class, but it is very gratifying.
Both are typically light to medium workload CompSci courses.
EECS370 is also a prerequisite for some upper level classes and is pretty easy. EECS 376 is similar in difficulty to 281, but it's more about theoretical computer science than programming.
EECS370 and EECS280 are very similar in workload.
It is both useful and a 4 credit course.
You are a sophomore
I would recommend EECS 281: Data structures and Algorithms based on your background.
Based off the courses you have completed, I would suggest for EECS 441 (Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs) and EECS 493 (User Interface Development).
I am not sure what it fulfills in terms of course distribution. I apologize.
The next step would be EECS 203
The course focuses on how programs are executed by a computer.
Being a nice man, his courses always have students' high ratings
There is no doubt that it is more difficult to do 280.
I can assist you, scheduling can be difficult.
Introductory Data Structures and Programming is EECS280
If you don't want something too hard, You should take EECS 376
The easiness score for this course is 3.08
EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science is a general core class that may help you decide what classes to take.
If you really feel like working hard but you also want to get a lot of prerequisites out of the way, you could take EECS370, EECS376, and EECS281, but those together make a difficult combination.
Okay. Hope you have a good one!
Is class size important to you?
Do you enjoy calculus 1 and 2?
The amount of work for EECS 482 is no joke.
I've heard Extreme Weather is pretty cool if you want to branch out from EECS.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 139:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it should be perfectly manageable.

C. options-for-next:
281 next semester take both of those prereqs
Ok. See you later.
If your plan is to take Machine Learning, I suggest easier classes like Software Engineering or Web Databases.
Are there questions you have
EECS281 is as hard as EECS280 according to what I have here. It will be your hardest class semester if you take it and all the classes recommended.
Robotic  Dynamics and Kinematics.
If you are interested in taking both courses at the same time, make sure that next semester, you take only one more course.
Do you want to do CS as your major?
How about Web Database and Information Systems, class EECS 485?
EECS280 incorporates a lot of the concepts of EECS183, so if you just take EECS183, you will be in better shape to take EECS280.
Clearly, this class EECS381, is taught very well based on its ratings.
If that sounds like something that would interest you. If that's not the case, you would need to take care of the other prerequisites beforehand.
There is a limited amount of classes in that category.
What are your interests?
In that case, I would suggest EECS482.
Yi, can I help you?
Great. Is there anything else I can assist with?
What do you like better, software or hardware?
All three of these courses have a medium workload. So it might be difficult to take all at once
That information has not been released yet.
Does anyone have any questions that they have not asked yet?
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it should be perfectly manageable.
Instructed by George Essl.
TCHNLCM 497 is a continuation of tech comm 300  which you have taken.
However I think it is not a very large course. Generally about 100ish students enroll each semester
how's your grades
It's not a problem, I think.
Greetings.
I'm interesting in work
You also have not taken EECS 376 yet which is a requirement for your CS major. I would suggest that you take this class next semester as well.
I can help you.
Which class has average difficulty?
you should take 281 and 370
Glad to help, what class have you taken before?
Should you go that route, then I advise choosing something less challenging, like EECS 477
That is what I am good at. Great.
Hey, Just wondering how is your class lately?
EECS 475 Introduction to Cryptography will be fairly simple for next semester.
I'm grateful I have filled your request. Can I help with anything else?
EECS 373 is the smaller of the two.
Great! Are you interested in database? It is my advice that you take EECS 484 in next semester
Hi, is there anything I can help you with today?
Is web development interesting?
Howdy! How can I assist you today?
For next semester, do you want to have MDE?
Do you need my help with anything else today?
In order to graduate with a CS major, 37 is required.
How do you feel about physics 240 and 241.
EECS584 has a prerequisite class EECS484
You've already completed EECS 370, 281, and 376
445 requires linear algebra and some statistics, though.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Taking EECS281 as a sophomore is what I highly recommend.
Oh dear, we'll have to look into that out then!
There's typically a few sections of 370, since it's a required class.
Not a worry!
In hardware or software based setting are you interested in?
Yes, I'm still present. My suggestion is to take EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems.
your very much welcome
EECS 376 has a relatively small class size with an average of 45 per class and EECS 281 has an average size of about 85
OK. Great! Do you have any more questions?
What is your current year of study?
What topics are of interest to you?
This class is generally considered moderate in difficulty
What help do you need of me today?
The Professor has a helpfulness rating of 4.3, which is considered quite good.
Possibly EECS376?
How would you feel about game design classes?
Do you have any interest in data system?
EECS 492 Intro to AI could be a good option
You should be aware that 482 is a very challenging class that demands a great deal of work
Any idea what track specifically you're interested in for computer science?
Sure. In what way can I help you today?
I think these two courses together will be difficult
Can you explain this further?
Great, it sounds like two courses that may be good for you are EECS 481 (Software Engineering) and EECS 492 (Intro to AI).
Under those circumstances, a viable alternative could be EECS 591 (Distributed Systems).
Yes, you are a good person.
Are you interested in learning Python?
"How you are?"
Do you find any of the other three courses interesting as well, at least right now?
Of course! It is about using systems to manage databases
Hi Kevin! What can I do for you today?
it's been my pleasure!
What topics interests you?
Ok, please sit down.
How can I help you?
What are your interests?
Based on your interests, I'd try taking EECS 492 Introduction to AI.
Not the case, I am an engineering advisor.
Great! I recommend you to take EECS 484 as one of the courses for next semester, if you are interested in database.
Certainly.
There aren't any recommended courses for you with web applications in the Web technology and Applications area, but there are courses in the Software Development area that would help you with web applications.
I suggest EECS478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimizations
These classes average 84 and 92 lecture sizes respectively and they have many different time slots so they fit your criteria.
Sounds good, let's see your prior courses.
I would recommend 482, Introduction to Operating Systems
He is really good plus helpful
How may I be of assistance?
In your opinion, is 280 difficult?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 140:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

C. options-for-next:
Did you already take any course?
How can I help you today?
EECS 441 is that class about developing apps.
EECS 478 is about advanced design of logic circuits and so on.
I would recommend that next semester you take EECS 281, and either EECS 370 or EECS 376.
Because of your prior knowledge take EECS183 and 280.
Finite automata, regular languages, pushdown automata, context-free languages, Turing machines, recursive languages and functions, and computational complexity are the introductory comutational theory topics covered in EECS376.
That can be categorized under artificial intelligence.
EECS 183 may also be a useful class to take.
Hi Varsha!
What do you need help with today?
Are you interested in any other areas of computer science?
Okay. Glad I could help! Is there anything else.
Do you have any recommendations?
Hello Kescher, I would be happy to help you today
Because of the fact that you are in your senior year, If you want to major in EECS you will not graduate on time because you haven't taken EECS 281.
If you take EECS 281 it will open up a lot of Upper level classes.
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
What is it about 281 that is unappealing to you?
The requirements for the field can be found at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf
Another good choice is 484 Database Management Systems.
You could take EECS 586 next semester and it is offered in the afternoon at 12 PM. It is about algorithms but it does not have a clarity rating.
Have a good day!
You're welcome
Is that OK with you?
Therefore, it is my firm belief that you should take this course next semester.
Students in this class study basic calculation rules and formats for organizing and storing data.
What course types do you prefer?
Some great Capstone courses are EECS 441, EECS 467, EECS 481, and EECS 494.
yup! have fun!
Pleasure is totally mine!
eecs183, eecs280, eecs203, stats250 will have to be copied to declare computer science major.
The machine learning course is EECS445.
Why did you take ANTHRARC285 which is different then your regular course work?
I can not make that decision unfortunately.
I understand you. Professor Lasecki is very good and the work is managable, perhaps you should enroll in eecs498
What else can I do for you?
Do you prefer software or hardware-related classes?
Be informed, EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence is the only Depth Star course for the Artificial Intelligence Area
You are very welcome and good bye!
Okay, what sort of fields of computer science are you interested in?
Of the classes you took, which did you enjoy taking?
Im happy. How may I be of assistance.
Apologies but I am an EECS advisor. You should probably talk with the LSA advisor.
Hello, is there something that I can help you with?
I looked at your courses and determined you shouldn't have too much trouble doing them together.
Machine Intelligence
OK then those tree class will be nice and fun for next semester, good luck
Hi! What other help do you need today?
This course is a coders dream.
My pleasure!
Are Computer Hardware courses a preference?
Hello!  I can certainly help you with what you are working on.
In the fall, take eecs 370, eex 376 and eecs 281.
Historically, the class size was around 80.
If I were you, that would be my decision.
I think you should go for eecs482
If you'd like you may retake the class again only.
376 does not seem applicable
Does that sound prime to you?
I wish you a nice day too
Additional EECS courses are needed, based on your previous course and experience.
Do you need anything else?
EECS 481 is Software Engineering
EECS 441: Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs should be considered given your interest in web applications. It covers UI interfaces, and will be helpful for finding a job down the line. It starts at 3pm and is an hour and a half long.
How about EECS492
Yes only those two are manageable. You could take another light class too, if you can manage a heavier semester
if you're looking for something outside of EECS Extreme Weather is a pretty cool one
I am really glad to hear that.
Taking 183 first will benefit fresher.
Do you interested in computer organization?
Alright, then I suggest taking a class that involves teams like EECS 485
In terms of technology interests, do you have anything specific?
You are very welcome. You are always welcome to receive advise here.
Do you like theoretical, mathematical, or are you more into practical application? There's probably something we can still work out.
Can I assist you today?
Sounds great! look like you have already taken 281, 370 and 376, you have the prerequisites to take most of the classes you want!
Gratitudes! See you later!
Why does 281 seem unappealing to you?
If you find Computation Theory more interesting than other subjects, you should take EECS203.
As the smaller classes are more hands on, I would recommend those.
First you can take some math course, based on your background.
Good. Do you prefer hardware or software?
But taking these two would be hard.
Can you confirm that you have taken both EECS203, which is discrete mathematics, and EECS280?
You need to complete several core classes before you can take any computer hardware classes.
Great! What can I help you with?
What can I help you with?
Because I know the lecturer, I can tell you that he's pretty clear in explaining the concepts.
I see you haven't taken EECS 482. I am going to suggest that one as people have found it to be quite useful.
The class section EECS 545 meets from 10:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m., on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
These courses will teach about the layered structure of a computer.
Yes, tell me.
You are very welcome.
How can I help?
Is there anything I can do to help you at this moment?
Does Computer Science Major interests you?
You can take the class again if you fail
As you have taken  three upper electives one more is needed for you.
That would be better. If you have any further questions please come back.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 141:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Can you reveal your preferences to me?

C. options-for-next:
183 and 280
While 214 and 217 are different, both are linear algebra. Math 217 is applied linear algebra and is considered harder than 214.
You are welcome!
Given your background, my suggestion is EECS183.
Hi there! How are you doing?
It's less difficult than EECS 280.
It would be a good idea to take EECS 280 and 203 the same semester.
What's your interests?
https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf contains all the necessary things for the major.
What courses interest you?
What can I help you with?
Might Is EECS 281 be a difficult course?
Take both the EECS 281 and EECS 370 courses simultaneously
Have you previously taken EECS281?
Since you've already taken some relatively moderate classes you could manage.
need EECS 280 before you can take EECS 281
The event is every Tuesday and Thursday from 10:30 am to 12 noon.
Hi, What can I help you with?
Would you like more infomration on artificial intelligence?
The courses EECS 281 and EECS 370 have a heavy workload on programming projects.
Sadly, I don't know the hours of any class
Available statistics indicate that the professors usually pontificate very well.
So, what do you want to learn next semester
I think we are done here, unless you have any more questions.
You're welcome!
Hi fellow learner.
It's Database Management Systems.
Hello, how can I help you?
There are a lot of paid research opportunities that you should look into. If you enjoyed 370, you may like AI research and machine learning. You should contact Jenna Weins.
Not a problem!
Based on your past, I'd suggest Operating Systems, and Database management.
Hello there!
Hey Yize!
Certainly! Anybody have any questions?
EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization is a good course to take if you prefer 300 level courses.
How's it going?
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
What can I do for you today?
Do you have any other questions?
Take EECS 482, its the right course to meet your needs
Do you enjoy system, web or software development more?
They are EECS 551 and 501.
What are some classes you have in mind?
Both of these classes are project based so if you take them at the same time they can lead to a pretty high workload. I suggest taking a lighter class along with those if you decide to take both.
Hello! What can I do for you?
Drop one
I'm very happy that you asked this question! EECS 481 is Software Engineering and EECS 477 is Algorithms.
I would recommend a physics class as any 300 level one would fulfill your technical requirement that you need for CE.
The class is usually made up from 55 students.
It's perfectly manageable if your decent and probability and combinations.
Hello student, do you have any questions today?
EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization, EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms, and EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science are the courses you need to take.
You go to school thus you are an able student, so yes.
May I help you?
It has been rather exciting.
Yes, it's a computer programing course.
Yes juniors are allowed to sign up for any class the university does not differentiate by class standing and you can also register early so getting that class will be easy!!!!!!
The class size, however,  is roughly 50 students.
Is computer science a subject you like?
You need 203 to take 281.
I suggest you take EECS 203 in your Sophomore year.
It's Professor Strauss, who is moderately helpful.
The ML course, I see you take it.
It's every Tues/Thurs from 10:30 am to 12:00pm
Have you thought about 484 or 441?
Yes. It is understandable that you are strong in C+++.
A.I Theory is what it's about. Some of that is used in games.
Or do you have a specific course in mind?
Its rating is 4.31, more than 90% of EECS courses.
The class size is about 130 people per term.
It will take me a second to consider your options but thank you for your input.
Another class you can take is 473, as your MDE, if you enjoy it.
In that case I'd like to suggest taking an additional course. Namely, EECS 493 covering User Interface Development.
Can you reveal your preferences to me?
Do you have any ideas?
I would recommend taking eecs 381 if you were into 281 and want to challenge yourself.
Happy I could help
I found that the EECS 183 was very challenging
It would be pretty hard to pair 376 or 370 with 281,  but it depends on what you think you are capable of handling.
376 is about the theory of computation, so much of your course work will involve proofs and formulae.
Database management systems, Web Database, and Information Systems are them.
Good deal!
How about one of these, EECS 481 OR EECS 477?
Nice! Bye!
Can I help you?
Thats perfect.
Well, he is rated as being helpful.
Not a problem! Hope you have a good day.
This course on logic circuits is advanced.
Your name is..?
Kinematics and Dynamics, Robotic.
Monday and Wednesday is when their scheduled meet days
2.69 is the clarity rating for the course.
EECS 280 has a reputation of being a difficult class
MDE next semester, do you want it?
I am so sorry.
What are you interested in?
How can I help you?
Of all of the classes, EECS 381 is the most difficult.
It was very nice speaking with you.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 142:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prior to most Eecs classes.

C. options-for-next:
CS is for sure one of the harder majors at the school. Within the EECS department, EE is challenging, but not in a similar way to CS.
You have any other questions?
The professor for 376 gives a much shorter course description. This course is an introduction to computation theory.
Despite the fact that the workload of this course is somewhat heavier.
My recommendation to you would be to take EECS 482.
As a Sophmore, I suggest that you take EECS 203.
To take EECS 545 you must first complete 281
Sure, I expect you can take 203 and 280 directly.
Would you be interested in continuing in courses with research components since you did some undergraduate research?
Hello, I have been assigned to be your academic advisor. What do you need assistance with today?
The main difference is that 376 is about computation theory and 370 is about computer and operating system.
Interesting! Go on!
Some students take EECS281 after they take that one.
EECS 281 forms the start for many courses . Do you prefer high level or low level programming?
its a 5 out 10, so its not exactly low. You only one other course, so it should be ok
Are you interested in computer organization?
Awesome!!.  If you saw wesstorld, I would suggest taking EECS 492 to learn about AI
484 would be a good course to meet your interest.
I think taking EECS 485 might be of interest to you.
The organization of the computer.
If there is a math class that sounds interesting to you, take that.
Ok, awesome! You have a good day.
Are 484 or 441 courses you have thought about?
My pleasure!
A good beginners option is Introduction to Computer Organization.
EECS493: User Interface Development would be my advice for this scenario.
A major in EECS requires EECS 281.
Let me think for a minute
I notice that you have completed EECS 492.
EECS591 would be another choice.
Both 376 and 492 are not as programming focused as many other EECS classes so project deadlines should not be an issue
I find some of your options to be agreeable to me.
We only offer graduate level courses in math currently at our mathematics department.
I think you should, but if you want to make it better you should put it off for a while.
Hello! What can I help you with today?
How do you feel about computer science?
Ins't a problem!
whats more, this course is easy
Out of the following, Artificial Intelligence, Database Management, Game Design, and Computer Vision, which do you find most interesting?
Anything else I can assist you with?
To better understand and master how computers work I would recommend the EECS 376 course for you.
While EECS 492 and EEC 484 are held in the afternoon and evening, EECS 373 is held in the morning, on Wednesday and Friday.
EECS489 has a prerequisite. Have you take that one?
i suggest that you look through the class guide to see the description for the upper level courses offered next term
492 would be nice, and 381 is a good idea also.
If taking a computer-related field as a major then this is a very important course.
Hey there! are you doing well?
It will benefit you as you will learn about computer organization.
Computer security and networks
Everything is fine.  We will talk later.
Yes, You will be alright
EECS203 is required
Is web development an interest of yours?
That's ok. Do you have anything else I can help you with?
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prior to most Eecs classes.
this class offers 4 credits
Yep go ahead
hi
How difficult or easy was EECS 280?
Machinery and robotics do have a base level for general information.
Your interests would be best served by taking both 484 and 492.
the work load is heavy if you take them together so I suggest you take other easy courses along the way
I don't have information on a specific programming language needed for 494, but you'll be using SQL in 484.
The course is of average difficulty, but has above average workload.
In order to complete EECS 281, it is necessary to take both EECS 280 and EECS 203.
Do you want to do either of these interesting items?
EECS477 is titled Introduction to Algorithm
Sit down first please.
You can do EECS 493.
Sure, what kind of courses are you interested in taking?
For sure!
EECS 370 or EECS 376 can be taken with EECS 281.
Alright, any other questions?
So if you want a smaller class, Computer Vision would be a better pick
What are you interested in most: Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, or Artificial Intelligence?
Your prerequisites show that you lean towards computer science courses.
Feel free to take all three if you think you can handle the workload.
You should take EECS 280 and EECS 203 so you're able to take EECS 281 next semester.
Nice. Go for it.
You can take algorithms course eecs281.
Yes, that is a possibility, but you may also take 370 along with 376.
Are there any similar courses like the old ones?
I'm doing good today. What sort of help are you looking for your courses today?
For a hard to medium difficulty course, I would recommend that you take either EECS 280, or EECS 203.
Greetings, Stefan
Hi Yize, great seeing you again.
Okay. Would you like to learn about web systems?
We greet you.
If you don't have any programming experience, EECS 183 may be tough.
The class would have about 130 people.
Hey what's up?
478, 370, and 281 is a relatively busy schedule. It depends on how much work you're willing to get involved with.
What areas are you interested in - hardware or software?
Without taking 281/370 you can't take other "next-level" EECS classes. You can take EECS 270, however, and I would suggest also taking Math 215.
I'm fine. How may I be of service?
As far as class size, it's about 130 students per term.
EECS 281: Data Structures and Algorithms would be a good course for you
what would you like to explore
It is definitely a good amount of work, but you will be able to handle it.
When it comes to technical electives, what interests you?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 143:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 I should a prerequisite for most computer science classes, including game design

C. options-for-next:
Your requirements will also be completed by EECS281
Taking EECS 183 is recommended based on your interest.
It is a fairly easy class
You are interested in what topics?
Eecs 280 I should a prerequisite for most computer science classes, including game design
Sure, no problem!
Based on your interests, I'd recommend taking EECS 281 and EECS 370.
Hey Stein! What do you want to mention today??
It is closest to 71.
you could also take 478 Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization, which is also a computer hardware class, but not as challenging ast 470
You could take EECS 203
Do you have any preferences about class difficulty?
Base on your preference, I think EECS 281 would be a good fit
Every semester I recommend two EECS classes.
I would certainly recommend EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science.
Which class has average difficulty?
Well you do not have anything before 10:30 so far
Are there any other preferences you have?
the helpfullness rate is 4.13/5
We signed up for courses which covers all of those.
Have you considered the EECS as a minor not a major?
That is a terrific choice!
This is a programming course.
You will find that that class is the most useful.
Am I right that you are a sophomore?
I respect your patience.
what classes do you like
I'm not sure, but I think he is great.
You should take all the core classes like EECS376, 281, and 370.
My suggestion is that you take 370 and 376 next semester, and take 281 later.
It looks like you need to take some higher level computer science courses to graduate.
Have an amazing day.
It also helps to complete your graduate requirements
Welcome !  How may I assist you ?
They will usually combine EECS 281 with EECS 370 or EECS 376.
EECS 481 has a class size of 63.7 students on average and EECS 493 has a class size of 94.33.
Salutations everyone.
Is your audit applet available so we can look at it?
Welcome welcome! How can I help you today?
In that case I recommend taking EECS 203.
Great! Is there any topic in computer science you are interested in?
I'd recommend taking EECS 475 because it has less work that most upper level EECS classes.
If you;re looking to take an upper level course as soon as possible, I recommend you take EECS 281 first.
You should take EECS 370, Introduction to Computer Organization.
Hello, what can I help you with today?
I see here in your file that you haven't completed 281 or 376 yet.
I would recommend EECS376 for your current workload.
There are mostly, 99.6 students in that class.
Though it's not as general of a foundation, it would not be too overloading to take in the same semester as 482
Do you think you could shoulder another fairly hard class next semester?
The course was a suggested prerequisite
I'd recommend taking only one more EECS class along with 281
Hello student
Next semester what are you taking?
No, you definitely shouldn't.
That's feasible, see you later.
You have plenty of options to choose from!
How may I be of help?
I am happy to hear that .
To major in EECS you have to complete these two classes
It is beyond me to recommend anything aside from CSE courses.
It looks like you now need to start upper-level electives
By majoring in CS you could graduate in 3 years
If you keep it up with the EECS courses you're actually ahead for your freshman year.
The smaller the class, the more interaction with the teacher and learning.
Be aware that your transcripts should open up 281, 379, and 376 classes next.
Would you consider web development?
It looks like you have not taken any yet
It is a core course.
Let me look.
This class easiest rating is 4, so some of the work maybe heavy.
50 is typically the course size.
You should think about taking EECS 595 if you eventually do take EECS 445.
That's great. Enjoy the rest of the semester!
No, I feel that EECS183 is meant for beginners in computer science and teaches fundamental concepts in programming and does not require any experiences.
EECS 203 is more about Discrete Mathematics, covering the concepts behind computer systems.
What subject would you say you are keen on?
Hello. Would you like to have a discussion about anything?
Sure, have a nice day!
What are your interests?
Yes, this course do have priority.
The beginning of learning Artificial Intelligence was very useful.
What can I help you with today?
Great, what would you like to know?
My pleasure.
Topics taught are basic data structures and basic algorithms, including recursive algorithm, greedy algorithms, etc.
Any more questions?
Terrific, It seems like it is just right for you!
I'm not sure, it would depend on if other students drop it. The class is small, but you still may have a chance.
A portion of class time is dedicated to group discussion.
Think about picking a STATS class that is required and coming up for you or a morning intellectual breath class.
Hello, How can I help you today?
I see you're a sophomore.
No problem! Enjoy your day.
After looking at your coursework i would suggest taking EECS280
Both classes are difficult you need to make a decision on if you can handle it next semester.
Enjoy your day!
It is also about the algorithm.
Does that mean you are mostly interested in hardware?
You could some of the other upper level EECS courses, or possibly intellectual breadth or a technical elective that interests you, as you don't have a specific focus.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 144:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me look at your transcript real quick.

C. options-for-next:
You can do EECS 493.
I believe the workload is high.
EECS 484 Database Management System, EECS 481 Software Engineering, and EECS 493 User Interface Development are all classes relating to software dev
Did EECS 370 excite you?
What would you think about studying natural language processing?
Your major would be helped along by it also.
Nope!
what other question do you have?
For your MDE you can also take 473 if you enjoy it.
Are there any more questions?
EECS 376 has a lighter load, so I might save it for a semester where you might want to take a harder class like EECS 381 or 482. EECS 370 though is a good requirement to knock out because it is a prerequisite to a lot of other upper levels such as 381 or 482
Another recommendation of mine is EECS 441. If you enjoyed the MDE that you already took EECS 441 might be a good fit.
The workload of EECS481 is less than the courses you've already taken, the other choices have a higher workload.
You should see that information on Wolverine access as you are signing up.
I strongly suggest EECS281.
I see you've completed EECS 280.
In my opinion that is not wise, but you might consider taking only 2 of the 4 if that is a possibility.
You are allowed to take EECS370, EECS376, and so on.
What can i do for you?
There are a plethora of classes you can take for your upper level EECS courses.
I recommend that you take EECS 549 information retrieval.
EECS 376 and EECS 373 are must take courses.
EECS 281 fits into this and the classes are scheduled in the morning, sounds great.
What is the topic that you are interested in?
I notice you took EECS 270 and EECS 370. Did you like them?
Alright, have a good day.
The general aspects of software systems are production, structuring, principles, design and information analysis.
Are databases something that you are passionate about?
Considering your previous courses list, I'll recommend EECS484.
Considering your background, I think you should take EECS281 next.
Techniques and algorithm development and effective programming, top-down analysis, structured programming, testing, and program correctness. Program language syntax and static and runtime semantics. Scope, procedure instantiation, recursion, abstract data types, and parameter passing methods. Structured data types, pointers, linked data structures, stacks, queues, arrays, records, and trees.
I also suggest you take EECS281, which is Data Structures and Algorithms.
Do you better enjoy morning or evening classes?
There is a 4 credit class, and its this one.
Do you have anything else to ask?
Have a nice day!
How can I help you today, Kevin
If you take EECS281, I strongly suggest you to drop something else.
If youre interested in databases, I would recomment EECS 484 or 485, but if you like algorithms, then EECS 477
we are allowed in any time
Can I help you with anything else?
Let me look at your transcript real quick.
Not a problem.
My pleasure.
A good class to take next would be EECS 376
Not a problem!
What areas of computer science are you interested in?
You are very welcome!
EECS281 is difficult, you may want to drop another course to take this one.
EECS 280 is quite similar to ENGR 101 you will be building on concepts that you learned in that class, this class has a higher clarity and helpfulness rating, which is great!
Hello, weilun
It is not wise to take 281, 370 and 376 with your psychology class.
Are you doing well today?
Minoring in EECS is possible and I'd say to sign up for EECS 281 next semester.
Was the overall process of designing and setting up the program for piece of software hard?
Why don't you try taking EECS 484? It's about database management.
The class hasn't been scheduled yet, so I don't know right now.
Did you take them together last semester?
Hello.  How can we change your future today?
Given that, I would suggest EECS 281.
EECS 183 may also be a useful class to take.
What can I advise you on today?
In the past, are there any CS courses that you have taken?
This guy is pretty helpful
Both of these classes are 3 credits
280, 203, and 183 fits well based on your previous and major courses
Lets see if we can find something that works.
alright, are you willing to stick to any particular courses?
How many EECS classes do you hope to take in the upcoming semester?
No. It's an average amount of work.
Good to see you today. What can we do for you?
The course is a core course
I don't know. You'll have to look it up in the course guide. I do know, however, that you can take EECS 376 in the summer.
No problem, I hope I answered all of your questions.
Nope, I'm an advisor in engineering.
There's no alternative ENGR or MATH classes that I know of
Greetings!
Another course that isn't project based is EECS 376
May I help with anything else?
Yeah the course alternates professors, both CSE and ECE, but Jia Deng is good.
Are morning or evening classes preferred by you?
I suggest doing EECS482
Hello. Could you tell me what the questions are?
Yes, that class is EECS 475. Doing that as well as EECS 388 and 484 should be a wonderful semester for you!
Hi, what can I do to help you with today?
If you want a lighter workload, I suggest EECS376.
About 55 students usually take the class.
Do you have any other concerns or questions?
Yes. How can help you today?
You still have time. EECS 475 is available if you would like it.
Unfortunately, you are only able to get that information on Wolverine Access.
Which course is more interesting and like by you, software development or hardware?
Which one would be better for you, Programming and Introductory Data Structures or Elementary Programming Concepts?
EECS courses can be useful in many other study areas even if you don't want to major in EECS.
The easiness rating of this course is 2
Finishing your core requirements as soon as you can is something I would recommend.
I can handle 58 students in this class this semester.
If there going to a chance to practice test and job questions that might be asked in relation to class EECS482?
A lot of options you then have.
Could you elaborate on the toughness of the classes you enjoy taking?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 145:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
Also, EECS485 is more web-focused, which is something you may be interested in
It does have an historical easiness rating of 2.23.
373 meets up on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 10:30 to 12.
That's great. Enjoy the rest of the semester!
Was there anything else I can do for you?
What class size do you prefer: low, moderate, or large?
Kevin J Compton is the professor for the class, for sure!
I am sorry, but i have no idea what course distribution it fulfills,.
You should probably refrain from adding a third class. It would be difficult.
Since you have taken Introduction to Data Structures I think you should be taking EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms next semester.
Professor Ackerman teaches User Interface Development
370 is more helpful in general
What are the fields that you are interested in.
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
The EECS280 course has to be completed beforehand.
EECS 482 is a pretty hard class, but very helpful if you are willing to put in the time
Would you like to have MDE next semester?
You will need EECS 280 and EECS 203 before you take EECS 281.
EECS 280 is programming and introductory data structures. It goes over techniques and algorithm development and programming.
Hi, any questions you have?
I can with anything that you need.
Fine, have a nice day!
I hope you have a great day!
What is good?
The instructor's name is William C Rounds.
Hello Jamie! Is there something I can help you with today?
Is EECS something you are interested in?
That's excellent for a first year student.
I would recommend 281 Data structures and algorythm
Next semester, I think you should take EECS281.
If you take both, you should be fine. 376 is an average difficulty, and 492 is only slightly harder than average difficulty
It seems that you've taken calc 3 and discrete math already so you don't need to worry about that
No problem. Have a good day.
One moment, I will check for you.
With what can I help you?
Intellectual breadth classes are often good to take when you have other courses with heavy workloads
Sounds like you are planning for next semester!
One good option is EECS 492.
Are you ok with taking larger classes?
This relies on your personal tastes.
Discussion sections and final projects apply to three of them on your list.
Somethings that might be important for backend are multithreading concepts.
I would suggest you take EECS370, ACCORDING TO YOUR PREFERENCE
Let me know how you decided!
Are you a sophmore qijun?
Is there anything else you require?
So that's it?
Hi! I'm back now!
EECS 493 is user interfaces and EECS 448 is interactive computer graphics.
I suggest EECS481 Software Engineering.
Are you curious about taking 281 this semester?
Allow me to think...
How about linear systems theory?
You are welcome. Good luck!
I would also recommend doing EECS478 -- logic circuit synthesis and optimization
And thank you to you to.
Do you have any ideas?
In what way may I help you?
Is this acceptable?
EECS 478 is basically higher version of EECS 270. It builds on technology constraints, theoretical foundations and computer-aided design algorithms. It also introduces you to high-level synthesis techniques such as modeling, scheduling, and binding.
I would recommend against taking EECS 482 if you want an easy semester. It is a very useful class that is highly recommended, but it is considered to be very difficult and time consuming. It would go well with EECS 484, which is considered a much easier course.
Matt Terwilliger is very chill.
Next semester, I would suggest that you take EECS281.
So you've taken EECS281, EECS370 and EECS376.
EECS592 may be of interest to you as it is advanced A!.
Seeing that you are more interested in software development, I would tell you to take the EECS484.
Both of these are somewhat difficult, but 484 is the easier of the two
The class isn't too difficult and Professor Kieras is known to be pretty helpful.
Ok perfect. I'm glad I could help
Yi, what do you need?
Do you want to learn more about coding or something about machine learning?
Do you have plans to take one the classes next semester?
Everything ok with the course selection, quijun?
You may also want to do one of the math requirements for CSE
After looking at your interests, there are two courses for you: EECS 376 and EECS 370
Does that peak your interest?
Hey, how can I help you today?
That course has a easinessrate of 3
Greetings, is there something I can help you with?
Then I would recommend taking EECS280.
EECS 373 is the Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
EECS370 and EECS281 are both good classes.
the rate is 4.13/5 for helpfullness
The course isn't considered hard. The easiness rating is 3 over 4 and in the past, students have found it helpful.
The class time has not been decided yet
Because of your interests, I would suggest taking EECS 482 and EECS 492, but not in the same semester
I have no idea.
What types of classes have you enjoyed in the past?
Is linear systems theory an option?
Can you please provide examples of classes that you are thinking of?
What interests you?
I would recommend taking that
*Is
Do you like web or software development?
281 is a requirement although 376 offers less work.
Anything else you wanna discuss?
Of course I can assist you.
It is definitely not a easy schedule, but it isn't harder than your previous terms
Do you prefer computer science or electrical engineering?
Taking 545 first would be the best option based on your background.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 146:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable

C. options-for-next:
How would you rate the difficulty level of this course? I've heard that most students feel it's slightly difficult.
When done chatting, please take our survey and let us know how it went
our surveys say it has a tougher courseload
Yes, it can be a challenge.
EECS 281 would be a good fit based on your preference.
Do you plan on majoring in CS?
484 seems like it would be a good fit.
I think 280 is a great class.
My mistake, it's EECS 281 instead of EECS 271.
Wei Lu is the teacher of the class, but he has no ratings. He teaches at UofM so he should be a competent professor.
3 core requirements are still needed to finish.
How hard are your classses?
Of course young man. Always happy to help!
No worries! Let me know if you have anything else to ask.
Yes you can view EECS 280.
It's clarity rating is 3.74 while easiness one is 3.05
Those who desire to do computer science should not find them difficult.
It is EECS 281 and not EECS271, I didn't mean to meslead you.
445 is an easier route to take.
To find an internship, companies may require you to take this course.
An easy class you should take is by the instructor Martha E Pollack.
More courses will be available when both are taken earlier.
Are you interested in any other areas of computer science?
Hello I am your advisor. How can I help you?
Building new technology to help students who may not be fully able, such as building a smart wheelchair for someone who can't walk.
I would recommend 376-foundations of CS, if you are interested in theoretical CS.
You still need to take EECS 370.
The class is easier than EECS 376, but it is harder than EECS 370.
EECS 485 involves Web Databases and covers a lot of web technologies. EECS 484 is Database Management Systems and explores methods regarding large enterprise databases.
I would recommend not taking too many difficult classes with EECS 281, given how difficult is it.
The courses EECS 281 and EECS 370 have a heavy workload on programming projects.
I'd be glad to help you.
In addition to that, the class does not have labs.
Hi!
Hi, how's it going?
do you enjoy circuits
The courses up next are usually EECS 281, EECS 370, and/or EECS 376
Next semester are you interested in taking any EECS class
Great! How may I assist you today?
A web development and information systems class is EECS 485.
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
No problem!
370 might be helpful because the class involves finite state machines.
What types of computer science classes pique your interest the most?
Anytime! See you later!
Is this class fairly easy?
The name is Satinder Singh Baveja.
Awesome! What else can I help you with?
Do you have a preference for software or hardware courses?
You could take EECS 586 next semester. This course is offered in the afternoon at 12 PM. It does not have a clarity rating, but it is about algorithms.
If you are into game development, maybe you want to take a user interface development class as well.
If you know what you're doing with probability and combinations, it should be doable
Would you like to register for EECS 183?
3.67 is the easiness rating for it
Do you have any interest in AI-related courses?
Compared with the courses you have taken they are all heavy in workload.  EECS481 may be slightly better.
Classes eecs595 and eecs591 both are great
Your Welcome!
I am sure you will be fine.
Have a nice day.
A good class to take next would be EECS 376
I will look this over.
Judging from the courses you've already taken, I think you need a math class instead of more philosophy courses.
the workload is heavy with 281
Hello! How can you be helped by me today?
There is high popularity among these 2 courses.
Do you know whether you'd prefer to take EECS280 or EECS183?
Around 55 are in the class.
EECS 280 comes with 4 credits as a class.
With what you have told me, I recommend taking EECS183, elementary programming concepts.
It is a pleasure to meet you, Yi.
What is the difficulty range preference for this?
Would it be possible with you to handle both in the same semester?
hi! do you want any help deciding on classes?
Can you tell me what are you interested in?
Unfortunately, I am only able to offer EECS course guidance
For core class interviews it depends, but it's usually 281.
What help, with regards to courses, are you looking for?
Yes! It is my opinion that if you go to office hours you can pass upper level classes. Professors are really helpful.
EECS 280 and 203 go together well in the same semester.
May your day be awesome
What can I do to be of assistance today?
Four upper level cs plus one capestone course sums up what you need to graduate
You've already completed ENGR 151, EECS 203, EECS 280 and MATH 116, so you've finished your pre-major requirements.
Since you enjoy math, taking EECS 376 and EECS 281 together may be easier.
Would you prefer to take computer science courses?
Based on your file here, you have yet to take 281 or 376.
Hello! How can I help you today?
Are there any specific classes you are looking for?
past students' rankings can be checked at http://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/all_survey.2016.htm
Do you major in psych?
Great! What can I help you with?
EECS 373 is the only upper level CS course you've taken as of now. So if you want to graduate after this semester, you'll have to take all three. Remember now, that you've still not taken EECS 376, another graduation requirement. If you wanted to take all of these classes in one semester, it would be a large workload with a lot of programming.
I think the answer is yes.You can just take the rest of the three classes.
It's about computer organizations at a low-level view and how computers run programs.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
Affirmative, and this semester Prof. Durfee is teaching this class.
I can suggest a complimentary class to the subject.
Are you doing well?
According to my information, you still need to take EECS203

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 147:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.

C. options-for-next:
There are several related classes.
The clarity rating of EECS 281 is 3.77.
EECS 485 Involves web technology therefore I sugess you take it.
Hi, the questions are what?
I think you taking eecs 280 and eecs 203 with 4-6 credits would be good because you are a asophmore.
You're good to go if you don't have any questions.
For CS, this is an average course
Is there any way I can assist you this day?
Was Engineering 101 something you liked
Both are difficult classes, though. You should decide if you can handle it next semester.
Some ULCS electives that might be of interest to you is EECS485, Web Database and Information Systems.
Hey, how is it going?
With your classes, what area are you interested in looking at?
Is EECS in your plan?
Goodbye then!
I would recommend to take EECS484 Database Management Systems, based on your preferences.
Theres a lot of basis material that  class provides and it will help you with future courses.
Neat, what can I do to help you?
Hello!
You are required to complete statistics to graduate cse
I suggest you prioritize classes as per your major  and only take extra classes if there is an opening in your schedule
You already have 8 credits in this category. If you take 484, you only need to take one more.
Does your interest lie more toward OS development or web development?
Are there any other preferences that you have?
203 isn't project based and 280 is but many students say 280 is harder.
Computer vision is better than VLSI due to better opportunities for automated learning systems so I recommend it.
Are you a pursuing a CS major?
Do you like computer game design, user interface development, or mobile development more?
You can take both EECS 281 and 475 together.
Thee work load for both of those clases is very streneous.
This is a 4 credit course.
provide your name
Obviously its a tough one.
As full-time undergraduate student, you need to take 12 credits at least for one semester.
The topics in Discrete Mathematics are probability, logic, functions, algorithms, introductory combinatorics, graph theory, and discrete probability.
Please explain what you want to study.
Many students enroll in those classes at the same time. Seeing as you took EECS 270, so EECS 370 won't be as hard.
Professor Jamin
Did you like Engineering 101?
We can probably still think of something. Would you say you are more interested in the theoretical, mathematical side of things, or more into practical application?
What can I help you with today?
A good class for Software Engineers is EECS 381 which is an Object Oriented Programming class.
Can I be of assistance to you?
As far as upper levels, what are you interested in?
Which classes of EECS have you taken?
I'm very sorry, young academic.
Hey, what can I do for you?
Have you encountered any problem today?
you could also take 478 Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization, which is also a computer hardware class, but not as challenging ast 470
There aren't any suggested courses for you with web applications in the Web technology and Applications area, but there are courses in the Software Development area that would help you with web applications.
Take both the EECS 281 and EECS 370 courses simultaneously
What topics do you find interesting?
Yep. 3-5pm, the same time.
The next logical courses to take would be EECS 280 or EECS 183.
484 is a database course, and since you’ve already taken it , I assume you have experience.
280 and EECS 203 go hand in hand together to take
But you need to take EECS 280 before you can take EECS 281
Okay. Well it looks like you still have not taken EECS 281. You will need to take that class before you can consider taking any upper level EECS electives
I'd say take EECS 280, since it's required for those majors
You should take EECS 494 because of your need for an MDE and interest in game development
Hi student, what would you like to ask today?
I dont think you should take either one. Neither EECS 482 nor EECS 381 are courses you are required to take.
I would say there is about one hundred students.
It is Database Management Systems.
Would you have any other classes you would recommend?
that class has a lot of material that will help you in the future courses
No, neither of these courses have labs.
4. Before giving you advice, may I ask your background?
Okay. What are you majoring in?
Keep me informed on what you decide.
What would you like to know about today?
Oh ok, See ya later!
Yep! Since you have mostly been taking STEM courses up to this point it would be good to explore some other options, there are many interesting choices
Do I need to clarify anything?
How much experience do you have with 270 and 215?
I recommend that you take that, based on your class sized preference.
Most sophomore students in our department have a choice in taking either EECS 376, EECS 281, EECS 478 or EECS 370.
It is a little challenging.
Good luck next semester!
Is it normal to pair pair EECS 281 with EECS 370 or ECCS 376?
You're welcome!
An option is EECS482 Introduction to Operating Systems.
What EECS area do you recommend?
Is there anything I can do for you today?
No problem, don't mention it.
Thank you, I am doing well enough.
Thus, I strongly advise you complete EECS courses 281 and 370
The reason is that no other eecs classes can be taken before you finish EECS 203.
Natural language processing: Do you have an interest?
It explains basic data structures and basic algorithms, like recursive algorithm, greedy algorithms etc.
Correct, you want a light workload.
You're welcome! Do you have any other inquiries?
Have a great one.
No worries.
Indeed, and it's not too code dependent.
What's up, Yize?
The workload is very heavy.. You can choose between these two course..
I'd also say to take the prerecs 376 and 281
In the past, which types of classes have you enjoyed?
EECS 492 is an option, which is a class about artificial intelligence.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 148:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Can you tell me what your preferences are?

C. options-for-next:
The decision that has to be made here depends on how curious you are on AI and Mathematics
the helpfullness rate is 4.13/5
Alright. Ok Bye!
The helpfulness rating for this class is 3.92.
Eecs280 cannot come before eecs183.
EECS281 is preferred
Can you tell me what your preferences are?
EECS485 I suggest you take.
Usually students take EECS281 after that
How's it going today?
This is a 4 credit course.
It was my pleasure to serve you. Bye!
Enjoy the rest of your day
hello, how can I be helpful to you today?
I suggest you take EECS203 if you struggle with math.
A lot of the students find it to be a moderate difficulty.
EECS 370 & EECS 376
I think EECS 183 would be a good fit for your interests.
Would you consider Operating Systems? You have met the prerequisites and its is an advanced class?
Were there any other subjects you enjoyed?
Is what EECS 376 is about. EECS 370 is about creating and building "simple" computers to understand how computers execute programs
I would also recommend taking EECS281, which is Data Structures and Algorithms
I don't know how to answer that, unfortunately.
it will take 4 credits so 4 hrs for class and then it will take 4 more hours on average to do homework and exam preparation
With your classes, what area are you interested in looking at?
Do you have any interest in user interface development?
Ok, I will register your name for these classes
It's highly recommended even though it's not required.
emailing your professor to set up a separate time to meet can also be tried by you.
It is definitely a good amount of work, but you will be able to handle it.
You're welcome!
Prepare your mind, it might have a heavy workload.
For Algorithms for beginners, take EECS477.
This is an introduction to the mathematical foundations of computer science.
EECS 281 should be one of your heavy workload classes if you are taking it.
It's averagely rated. It's slightly easier than 281.
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
If you think you would be able to handle it, then go for it. But that's a TON of work and I'd suggest you only take 2 classes at the most.
Students that choose EECS 281 usually pull all nighters,since the course is project based
What class subject are you interested in?
With that information
You're always welcome!
How can I serve you better today?
EECS381 has been rated to be taught very clearly.
I feel that. Maybe you should take eecs498, workload isn't too bad and Professor Lasecki is a Boss
Do you think EECS 281 is a challenging course?
EECS 487 Computer Graphics can be interesting too. You can have an attempt of that
Are you more interested in front end of back end?
No worries! Have a fabulous day!
In my thinking its not that bad
Do you think you are able to do both?
great! good luck!
Is EECS281 the last requirement?
One moment, let me check that for you.
Thas was a really good choice.
Since you've already done EECS 388, this class is one you might find interesting.
EECS484 has a big class size.
In total what is the number of classes you will take?
To take many computer engineering courses, EECS 280 will be required.
Both software classes have evening sessions.
Sure! what major are you thinking of?
If that is what interests you yes, otherwise you must complete the other pre-reqs first.
These classes do fit for you because their average lecture sizes are 84 and 92 respectively, and there are classes and many different times of the day.
Would computer science be of interest to you?
EECS485 is a class that is available to you.
Can you describe to me what an MDE course is?
The course's scheduled time is 10:30am to 12pm
I can see that you are a sophomore. You could take many different classes
3.08  is the easy rating for this class
I hope your day is nice.
In previous terms, the class size for EECS 482 has been around 100 pupils.
The decision here  depends on how curious you are on AI and Mathematics
Majority of people do these concurrently.
What kind of workload for your classes do you prefer?
EECS481 is relatively smaller. EECS484 and EECS485 are very large, they are among the most popular courses in EECS.
Hello, I'm doing well, you?
OK, then that's that! It seems like you know what you're doing.
What sort of classes are you interested in?
If that sounds like something that would interest you. If that's not the case, you would need to take care of the other prerequisites beforehand.
How can I help you today with your courses?
Class EECS 478 addresses logic circuit synthesis and optimization.
Are you interested in hardware or software courses?
Would you like to have a lot of work next semester?
The design of algorithms for some problems without numbers is what it talks about.
I would recommend 545 as good for you based upon your expressed proclivities.
Hi there, how might I assist you?
Perfect, then I would suggest you take 485, which is called web databases
Looking at your background, you should take either EECS 550 Information Theory and EECS 551: Matrix Methods for Signal Processing, Data Analysis and Machine Learning FA 2012
No.
Hello, In these days how has your course been?
If you like software development, I suggest you to take EECS482 as well
EECS183 has a fairly high rating for the clarity of its teaching.
It isn't too code heavy of you are familiar with the software.
Okay then, people say Databases (484) is a good course with applications in CS.
based on you background, I suggest you to take EECS183, elementary programming concepts
The course size is about 60 and this is normal for senior design courses
Did you find it difficult for EECS 203?
Is there something I can help you with?
I can't give much assistance with Electrical Engineering, but I can assist with Computer Science.
I apologize that I only advise for EECS classes.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 149:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prior to most Eecs classes.

C. options-for-next:
It's Edward Thatch by Yaoyun Shi. A very good teacher!
You've taken a lot of 500 level courses, so you'll be fine.
EECS 376 is the code for Foundations of Computer Science, and the class basically builds off of EECS 203.
An EECS course would be good for you based on what you've said.
Before taking most CS courses, you must take EECS203
Baveja, Satinder Singh
There aren't labs in either class.
Do you have any suggestions?
"Discrete Math" and "programming and Introductory Data" is also classes I would suggest.
You have a lot of programming experience from your software-oriented classes, so I would not think you'd find this class code-heavy.
Can I help you today?
Given your academic records, it should not be a problem for you.
Which areas are you interested in, software or hardware courses?
Do you have all the courses in mind or do you need more recommendations?
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prior to most Eecs classes.
The pre-requisite for EECS 281 is EEcs 203
Structured data types, pointers, linked data structures, stacks, queues, arrays, records, and trees. Program language syntax and static and runtime semantics. Scope, procedure instantiation, recursion, abstract data types, and parameter passing methods. Techniques and algorithm development and effective programming, top-down analysis, structured programming, testing, and program correctness. Program language syntax and static and runtime semantics.
I would suggest taking EECS 280, as it provides a good foundation for Data Structure.
For most sophomore students in our department, EECS 376, EECS 281, EECS 478 and EECS 370 are the most popular choices
No problem!
Have you considered taking any upper level CS classes?
Awesome, anything else?
445 requires linear algebra and some statistics, though.
In order to graduate you also need to take EECS 376.
Are you certain that three classes will work for you?
It seems that you are in luck!
You'll have to take EECS 378 as well to graduate.
You are definitely welcome!
Courses and lectures are on Tuesday and Thursday.
What did you enjoy the most about the programming courses that you have taken so far?
What brings you into advising today?
Now that you have completed EECS280 I think that it's time that you take EECS 281 for your next course.
"Discrete Math" and "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" are what I suggest for you.
Hello, how have you been?
It has an easiness rating of 2.17, so it seems to be relatively hard.
For graduating in 3 years better choose a single major
Out of 5, easiness rating of 280 is 2.59 and 203 is 2.03
Great! We have a class on artificiall intelligence. You could take EECS 492 next semester!
What can I do for you?
Wishing you good luck and you're welcome!
Please let me know more about your class preferences. Things like how much work there is, what time the class is, etc.
The class section EECS 545 meets from 10:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m., on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Yes, EECS 481 belongs to MDE.
I'm advising EECS183 based on your disposition on class size.
Keeping your interests in mind, I'd suggest taking EECS470 -- computer architecture.
Since you are interested in web development, you'd like EECS 280.
Why did you come to advising
Let me see if i can look into that for you.
Do you have any other questions?
A course on AI exists.
But if you think you can manage the workload, you could take an additional EECS course.
ECCS 484 would be a good choice.  It's focus is databases and database management and it is great course.
I think it's better to take EECS203 and EECS280 at one time and take EECS376 later.
Yes, you can take those courses
Sorry, I'm an advisor for CSE and can make recommendations about EECS classes, as don't have much insight on other department's courses.
It's easier to take 445.
what topic are you interested in?
I cannot say for certain; the difficulty rating for 483 is unavailable at this time
Hi, nice to meet you.
Yep! Since you have mostly been taking STEM classes up to this point it would be good to explore some other options, there are many interesting choices
bye!
81 Students will be attending EECS281.
Which would be your first choice, Data Structures or Cryptography?
Number of students in EECS281 is 81.
Take care of yourself!
You are looking well! What do you need help with?
You are what year?
I bid you farewell as my greatest honor is to assist you
Are you currently EECS Major?
Of all the classes available, I would like to recommend EECS 376 to get your feet wet.
Since you must take 203 there is nothing else you may take this semester.
In my opinion you need to drop something else if you want to take 549
EECS 481 is the simplest class out of those.
What captures your attention?
If you want to play it safe, EECS281, EECS376, with another 4 credit class will be a better option.
It looks like you've taken some tough classes. I think you can take EECS 376 with one other upper level CS class.
Welcome!
you should take 281 and 370
Martha Pollack is running 203 next semester.
I see you have taken EECS 281. I recommend that you should take both EECS 370 and 376 next semester
Unfortunately there aren't any other EECS classes next semester for you to take, but 203 will help you move ahead with the major!
Do you think EECS280 was very difficult last semester?
Have you any more questions with which I can help you?
Do you enjoy Engineering 101?
I think doing it next semester would be good.
Enjoy the rest of the day!
Thanks so much, see you later!
Is there any chance that you are changing from CSE to CS?
your interests?
I recommend EECS 281 because I think you’d like it.
What year are you?
I'd highly recommend taking EECS 281;
It is on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 10:30 am to noon.
EECS 281 would be the better option if you asked me.
At what times during the day will you be available?
One must understand that Mathematics is the root of Computer Science.
I happen to think that it would be beneficial to you to take EECS373.
I starts at 3 and ends at 5pm.
Do you like to know more information about this?
The next logical step for you would be to enroll in EECS484.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 150:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.

C. options-for-next:
Please give me more information on what you would like to take. For example, how much workload, when is the class, etc.
This has a lot of EECS classes, have you enjoyed them?
Is it software engineering.
Hey Stein! What do you want to mention today??
It will teach you basic programming techniques and algorithms.
I would recommend you ask the instructors Yaoyun Shi and David R Chesney
Not a problem, have a great day.
How much did you enjoy that class?
Yes, you can both take it and graduate in the summer.
Which of the classes that you have taken have you enjoyed the most?
An option to consider that is more web-based is EECs485.
That is one of the core computer science major courses.
Well, my friend, you have got to take EECS183 before any other options open up.
definitely let me check for a min.
Because you're taking the psychology class, I wouldn't take 281, 370, and 376.
I saw from your transcript that you have taken EECS484.
This class is a 4 credit class
It will be more beneficial to take EECS 370 and EECS 281.
The two things I would recommend are Data Structures and Algorithms.
EECS203, Discrete Math course may be something you could take.
The clarity score for this course is 3.74, and the easiness score is 3.05.
This is a hard course but it's also very useful
How would you like to to take a math course next semester?
What kind of classes do you like?
Have a blessed day.
I'd recommend taking EECS 376: Foundations of Computer Science, since you enjoyed EECS 203
Did you want to take a computer science class?
Go on.
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
Of the very large classes, EECS203 is not one of them.
web or software development, which one you like more?
Absolutely! You'll learn how to use systems in order to manage databases in this class.
Discrete Math is a pre-requirement for the CS major.
After taking a look at your courses, I think you'll be fine taking them at the same time.
What are you interested in?
I would recommend that you take EECS203 and 280.
I would look at the online course workload survey in order to plan your schedule based on how difficult the courses are.
You also. See you then.
As EECS 376 is a non-programming class, it can serve as a break from other classes. You will have to take it at some point.
EECS 381 and EECS 482 are project based and very informative. Of the many project based coursed I would recommend either of them.
I think you will need to take EECS 376, 281 and 370 before you can do other EECS classes.
Take EECS 281 and EECS 370 together
Alright. Well have a good day.
No worries!
This is your sophomore year.
The toughest course available to you is EECS 183, introduction to programming
In that case, you can look into EECS 591 (Distributed Systems)
Everything will turn out fine for you.
Based on what classes you have previously taken, EECS 376 OR EECS 281 is what I would recommend.
You are welcome
I'd like to know which courses are morning courses.
There are many project based courses, I would recommend EECS 381 or EECS 482. They are project based and very informative.
I see that you haven't take EECS 281 yet.
I appreciate your patience.
370 is a medium workload, but it is not as difficult as 81 and 475
I would also suggest registering for EECS478 -- logic circuit synthesis and optimization
Sounds great to me! As far as Computer Science, what area interests you the most?
I would recommend EECS370 if you want to learn about computer organization.
This 4 credit class should not be too very difficult.
What can I do to help you?
Perfect!  How many classes do you want to take next semester?
Are you doing well today?
Perhaps you could take some of the econ minor requirements with it
How can I help you
You should be prepared for EECS280 if you did well in Engr101. Especially if you feel comfortable coding C++.
Are you interested in computer organization?
Does Computer Science Major interests you?
Interactive computer graphics is EECS and user interfaces is EECS493.
If you are interested in computer hardware, I strongly suggest you take EECS470
I would advise not taking any other EECS classes while taking 281
EECS 484 Database Management System, EECS 481 Software Engineering, and EECS 493 User Interface Development are all classes relating to software dev
I have your transcript.
Have a great day.  Thank you.
You can try EECS which is about Artificial Intelligence basics and fundamentals.
A more web-focused course you should look at is EECS485.
Is your current goal to complete the core courses?
Tell me your major one more time
What is your opinion on Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning?
Hello
Choosing the easiest course available isn't the wisest decision.
This class is four credits.
EECS 280 is programming and introductory data structures. It covers techniques and algorithm development and effective programming.
What are you into today
Do you think game development would be of interest?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I suggest taking EECS 481 and EECS 492 based on your interest.
Sorry I cannot tell you their schedules, my database if not yet updated.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Yes, you got it, 280 is the pre req
You are right. The two courses are EECS 370 and EECS 376.
Go straight.
Just 8 more credits until you can graduate.
The number of students is 58.
Would you be interested in an entry level class?
I do not believe EECS 477 is offered next semester.
Thankfully, testing is not focused very much in EECS370
Does programming in hardware interest you
EECS 484 is Database Management Systems and explores concepts and methods regarding large enterprise databases. EECS 485 is Web Databases and covers a lot of web technologies.
Youre welcome to have a try at it.
What are your preferences?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 151:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

C. options-for-next:
EECS280 still incorporates a lot of the concepts of EECS183, so if you just take EECS183, you will be in better shape to take EECS280.
You are welcome
Do you have affection for Computer Science?
From what I have heard, most students find it somewhat challenging.
Additionally, your major would benefit.
What about EECS592 Advanced Artificial Intelligence?
How many courses are you looking to take?
In a minute I’ll pull your profile.
No worries.  If you need further assistance, please let me know.  Enjoy the day.
Have you set your major yet?
You should definitely take EECS203 this semester
Do you have anything else to ask?
What sort of help can i provide.
How can I help you today?
If you're interested in machine learning. EECS 492 would be useful. I would also try to take EECS 381 since it will give you a good foundation for the rest of the upper level classes.
A lot of things are taught to you.
That's perfectly alright, I would then suggest you to take 370 and 376 next semester, but you may want to lay off taking 281 till another semester.
To learn buiding secure software and comm systems, EECS 475, intro to cryptology is a good choice.
I recommend that you take this class based on your preferences.
485 might be great, but it is hard.
The class is 4 credit without lab or prereqs but it does offer discussion.
Good. Would you rather take an introduction or a practical course?
How can i help you
Unfortunately I can't answer that, but you can reach out to the class professor about it.
As all three of these courses have a moderate workload. So it might be difficult to take all at once.
Have a great day! Ok?
How could i help you?
Does programming appeal to you intellectually?
How can I help you today?
Okay, I hope everything works out for you.
Should you let me know if you have any preference?
Glad to help
A good course might be EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts.
Its a pleasure to meet you.
I'll see you soon!
Unfortunately, I don't have information on the easiness level of this class.
EECS 376 has small class size, which is about 45.4
I would also recommend you to take EECS482
Is web development listed as one of your interest?
I definitely would go with Software Engineering if you like medium-sized courses.
It's a 4 credit crouse, the previous one is 3 credit. And this one has discussion session
I hear it's quite interesting.
Alright, you want to have a good semester.
how are you doing?
Any time
What do you think about web development?
You need to choose upper-level electives this semester.
No sir, that is not the case.
Does that sound interesting to you?
it depends, maybe about 4 hours each week
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Is a basic techniques and algorithms class required for my degree?
Front-end or backend?
Robert Dick is in fact a very clear professor.
Anything more?
It's not required that you take both in the same semester.
You are welcome.
It results in concepts and methods for the design, creation, query and management of large enterprise databases.
glad I could help
That might be a good fit also, if security is interesting to you, seeing as how you are in 388.
Thanks for your input. Give me a moment to consider your alternatives.
Both courses have about the same amount of work.
With your background I believe this class will be pretty good for you.
I think you may want to consider EECS 183, Elementary Programming Concepts.
How can I help you?
eecs 484 has about 128 students per class. eecs 485 has about 129 students per class, so rather similar in size
are you majoring in either Computer Science or Electrical Engineering?
These are the first ones I'd recommend taking.
You should take EECS203, which is Discrete Math.
Which fields or topics interest you?
EECS370 is an introductory overview of how computers execute programs.
You have to take the pre major course EECS 203 Discrete Math.
What else would you like to know?
Are you interested in taking more computer classes beyond engr101?
The 493 course has very little load.
Why does 381 interest you?
Those requirements are too many and you are already a senior
Yes, that would be fine!
Thank you! I'm great!
Even with no lab or discussion session the course is difficult.
281 involves a lot of programming. 376 is more theory based. It will be a nice mix.
Actually, you can learn quite a bit in the class.
It looks like you've already gotten some experience with security and cryptography by taking EECS388 and 475
For this class, the difficulty rating is 2.53/5.
It seems the professor of EECS 370, mr. Mahlke, is the most helpful.
You appear to have done well in choosing your first year classes. Everything looks fine for the moment as far as your CSE major goes!
Then I will suggest you to take EECS280 next semester if you are interested in CS.
So, I can only help you out with your EECS minor
Yes it has some amount of difficulty, especially if you struggled with EECS280.
Three classes, are you sure you want to take those?
You could build up your prior knowledge by involving several concepts like fundamental data structures, tree searches etc.
Sure! If you're interested in being part of a semester long project where you interact with a real world customer,  Eecs 481 is my suggestion.
Since you've taken 281, I'd recommend you taking EECS484.
Is database something you would be interested in?
EECS 595 Natural Language Processing is also be good for you
What do you need from me today?
Tell me the kind of course you want to register for
Is there anything that particularly interests you in the areas of computer science?
You too enjoy your day
I suggest taking a lower level humanities or social science.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 152:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
No problem, what kind of help do you want?
What are your opinions on your workload for your classes?
Hi, what can I help you with today?
EECS 370 and EECS 281 are prerequisites for a lot of classes that you will need to take, so might as well get them done.
Do you know why, because I see a heavy load next semester.
I'd really recommend you look into taking EECS494 Game Design course. It's a great course with good teachers.
I wonder if this you had CS related classes before.
To get to know compiler, take 583.
The number of students is 58.
He is a nice person.
See you later Varsha!
My name is Professor Shen.
There are lots of options to choose from next semester.
EECS285 is the correct number.
Completely! Upper level CS courses are bifurcated into  categories: Computer Hardware, Computer Architecture, Intelligent Systems, Software development, Theory of computation, and Web technology and applications. Which of these topics do you like the most?
I recommend taking 2 EECS classes each semester.
It is really a good amount of work, but you will be able to take it.
My pleasure!
What courses are you interested in?
The helpfulness rating for this class is 3.92.
Yes, one semester would be hard for you to take.
EECS 370 is an easy class, and 484 is also doable too, but if you do not enjoy mathematics or had hard times in EECS 203, you may have to put efforts for EECS 376.
That info is not available yet.
Even though you don't have programming experience, I would say you should take EECS183 if you are interested in EECS.
Most computer science majors take this programming course.
Does anyone have any questions that they have not asked yet?
What topics interest you?
Have a nice day!
Most students do not find EECS484 to be difficult
Maybe you can plan for  EECS575 next, advanced cryptography
Typically, 280 is much harder than the other.
It is unwise to just simply pick the easiest course
Which topics are you most interested in?
Prepare your mind, it might have a heavy workload.
It's at morning 9:30 in the morning on MWF
What topics are you interested in?
You also. See you then.
Proceed.
No worries, have a good day!
Hello, what is it I can do for you?
I would reccomend that you should take EECS classes to fulfill your requirements.
What do you think about web development?
To you, does that sound interesting?
You still need to take EECS 370 because it is a required course.
Is there an area you want to focus on?
Okay. Let me review your background.
Good, what help  can i do for you?
Eecs 281 is also a requirement, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
I would recommend talking to the general engineering advisor to learn about other classes that you can take so that you can stay a full time student.
Usually you will take EECS 376 after you take EECS 281 and 370.
alright, i'll get you registered for these classes.
Hello, how may I assist you?
Most students take EECS376 after taking EECS 281 and EECS370
Can you do it?
Okay, great!
Yes, those courses are available.
Were those courses difficult or easy for you?
There is an above average workload in the course, but the difficulty is average.
In that case I'd like to suggest taking an additional course. Namely, EECS 493 covering User Interface Development.
So it seems you've already done Econ
You need to take EECS 281 in order to major in EECS.
I would really urge you to take EECS 281.
Okay. It seems like 475 is not fun, but that 370 is interesting.
280 should be your next course.
The easiness rating is 2.93
Good luck with your studies
Since eecs407 is a 1 credit class, which means it will be fairly easy.
I think Jia Deng next, and Johnson-Roberson after.
Yes, of course.
You will still have to do four upper level elective classes.
For that course, the easinessrate is 3.
welcome student.
You took ANTHRARC285 I noticed, which does not seem the same as your other coursework.
Let me process that for a second.
It is a helpful intro to object oriented programming
Thank you for you help. Let me think about your options for a moment.
You will need to take EECS370 and EECS 281, along with one upper level elective.
Enjoy the nice day you have
As your major, did you pick Computer Science?
Working in groups is part of the educational journey. To work with people of different learning styles can be hard.
There's a computer game design course called EECS 494 that you may consider taking.
EECS 487 Computer Graphics can be engaging too. You can have a try of that
In order to graduate with a CS degree, discrete math must be taken.
Multi threading concepts can be important for backend
If you are interested in web apps, you may want to take EECS 441, Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs. It involves UI interface and is helpful to find a job. It is from 3 to 4:30 pm.
It will be good since
Do you have any other questions?
Do you want to sign-up for these courses?
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
Firstly, you should take 492, Intro to AI with Professor Durfee, if you like AI.
376 and 281 are the other prerequisites that you should take.
Well, are you going to take Intro to  AI first?
You should take THTREMUS 101, Intro to Acting.
The work is ok for you right?
Yeah! The schedule is great.
You may be aware that computer science and finance are pretty difficult.
It has been rated as more difficult and to have a higher workload by past students
Hi, can I help you with anything today?
EECS 203 (Discrete Math) should be taken by you next.
EECS 481 is about pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, involving structuring principles, design methodologies and informal analysis.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 153:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.

C. options-for-next:
The course is centered around an understanding of programs and how they run on computers.
Alright,well I see you've already choosen Engineering 100.
Hello, sir! May I assist you in some way?
Well hi there.
Since you've taken MATH 214 and 216 this course should be easy.
Is programming something that interests you?
EECS 477 would be the class that i suggest which is easier, if you do
Looking over your background, I think you should take EECS 470
Have you encountered any problem today?
You're so welcome
I would advise taking  EECS 281 as soon as possible after completing 280 and 203, because 281 will allow you to take most upper level classes
3.24 is the easiness rating.
iYou could tak an intellectual breath or a technical elective that interests you, or another upper level EECS course, as you still don't have a specific interest.
Is a hard or easier one what you prefer?
Yes, given your background, you are eligible to take EECS 370.
I would recommend EECS 482 for individuals proficient in computer science
My schedule isn't listing the times, but there's generally multiple sections.
EECS370 and EECS281 are both good classes.
You have to finish these two classes in order for you to obtain an EECS major
Though I believe that you'd be able to deal with either choice.
Ok, so do you have any more questions?
Based on your interests, Machine Learning would be my recomedation to fulfill the requirements.
In that case, you could do 484, to learn about databses, or 494 to learn how to develop games.
Hi, How can I help you?
If majoring is done by you in CS, you might just be about to complete.
Do you like web development or software development better?
Most students like the front-end as they seem to enjoy it more. Students more prone to back-end systems like "vim" for their text editing.
Do you require additional CS upper level credits?
This class is very helpful for learning software programming in industy
It is Michael John.
My advice is to take EECS 376 because it is not hard
Yes, you're welcome.
Sorry, I cannot recommend any other classes right now
I would also recommend taking EECS 482
If I were you, that would be my decision.
Is your name Meili Yang?
How is your day today?
You might like 545, it suits your interests.
I would suggest you consider taking EECS203 Discrete Math course.
You should take EECS 493
What kind of the topics do you like?
I think the workload would be very hard, I think you need to break up your 4 credit courses.
Hi. How may I help you?
It's common to take both in one semester.
For this semester, I would suggest EECS376 and either 492 or 494 this semester
You'll enjoy the challenge and content of EECS 281
Howdy! How is it going?
You may consider it when you become a junior.
That's correct!
When talking about sides of things, are you more interested in hardware or software?
For next semester then, I would suggest taking Database Management Systems, EECS 484.
Right you are.
That's great, I would recommend you take EECS484.
Indeed, exemplary.
I have recommended EECS 482 to you due to your liking of EECS 370.
You are a sophomore, I see.
I don't think there are other MATH and ENGR courses
Given your enrollment record, you still have 3 core classes left.
You should be able to deal with it perfectly if you have a good grasp of probability and combinations.
Yes! Your file says that you have quite some experience in hardware type classes.
What sort of classes interests you?
The EECS 281 class has a class size around 81 students.
My recommendation is 6-8 hours outside of class per week.
Same to you! Bye.
Are you also planning on taking 3 other non EECS classes along with EECS 370 and a ULCS course?
Machine Learning
Have you any more questions with which I can help you?
Will you be majoring in CS?
More advisement can be given this way.
It goes form 3 to 5 in the afternoon.
Gee, I can tell that there are a great deal of very detailed parameters.
I advice EECS 376, 370, and 281.
Do you have prior experience with machine learning.
You need to take another upper level EECS course and EECS 376 because it's required for graduation.
You are, positively.
Since you've taken MATH 425, that may not actually be true.
Ok.  I hope this gave you a good idea of where to go from here.
Hi.
Is your preference theory or application for class style?
Have you always been interested in data analysis?
Would you like to take an algorithm course?
If you enjoyed both EECS281 and EECS376, you should take EECS477, the intro to algorithms course, into consideration.
12 hours per week is for 494  and 5 hours per week is for 376
You are now able to take most EECS upper electives since you completed EECS281.
Do you have other interests or requirements besides web databases?
Hello there, student
All of these classes are categorized core.
Did this help? Are you feeling good about scheduling classes now?
No problemo dude!
Goodbye to you too.
The easiness rating of it is 2.93.
Hi what can I help you with?
Sure that’s easy!
It was my pleasure. Good luck!
You can also take EECS376 and EECS370
You're most welcome!
Which one do you prefer; operating system or database management?
Assuredly.
EECS 381, 482 are tough courses
Are you able to do it?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 154:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

C. options-for-next:
see you later Varsha!
Greetings, can I help you in anyway
Do you want to see all the intellectual breath classes available to you?
You must first complete your prerequisites
For class size, do you have a preference?
Maybe you should take the foundation of computer science?
Great! I think you could look into EECS 183 :  Elementary Programming Concepts. Its a great introductory course in computer science
Ok, do you have any additional questions?
It looks like you haven't taken 281 or 376 yet.
That is offered from 3 PM to 5 PM.
What topic do you want to learn about?
Sure. What's your major?
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
Your academic records prove it should not be a problem.
My schedule isn't showing the times, but there's generally mutiple sections.
How easy do you prefer the class to be?
What help can I do for you today?
I prefer you look at EECS 485 and EECS 484.
Hello, what can I help you with?
I would look at the LSA course guide to find out the class times.
They're not planned yet as well.
It was not difficult for me.
What is it about 281 that is unappealing to you?
Goodbye!
You're going to need a technical elective for a CE. Considering your schedule, I think a 300 level physics class would fit that requirement.
Hi, what can I help you?
Is Cryptography something that interests you?
Previous students rate EECS as a moderate workload class.   It would be smart to take EECS289 with EECS 203.   Both are prereqs for EECS 281, you will need to take this class to become a CS major.
right, have a good one.
There are many options available to you.
Of course!
For any other questions, please free to ask here.
Is CS your major or choice?
Hows your homework list looking so far?
Do you have any precise interests?
I would suggest taking these first.
Both of these classes are very rewarding and worth the effort despite taking more time to complete.
Hi, how can I help you today?
How can I help you?
What class in the EECS department have you gained the most from?
370 is a dependable source of information.
I would suggest you to take some EECS courses given that you haven't any so far
Sorry, I'm an advisor for CSE and can make recommendations about EECS classes, but don't have much insight on other department's courses.
Taking those two classes together has a difficulty rating of 2+.
Give me a minute to think
As far as workload goes, EECS 376 is light, 281 is moderate, and 370 is kinda heavy.  But none are extreme.
what information are you basing your selections on?
Can you be helped with something today?
I recommend taking 281 with your solid background.
The class size is small, only about 50 students.
This term, unfortunately, it's only on Monday/Wednesday.
EECS 376 is a horribly run class
Yes,because you are a senor and have completed eecs 281
Do you have alot of homework this week?
I can help you with that.
It will be determined as your MDE.
Nope. Learn it during class time and prepared to spend some time on it.
you should be OK though!
You're welcome! Have a nice day.
which starts at 15:00 and ends at 16:00
Good job! Hope you have a great next semester.
I believe that for a good understanding of Computer Science, you have to understand the Mathematics that is at its roots.
What topics are you most interested in?
happy to help
EECS481 averages 63.71 students.
Yes, this course do have priority.
It's my pleasure to help, and I hope you have a good day.
Ok, are there any particular courses you want to take?
okay perfect. It is my pleasure that I could help.
That's not a problem, good bye!
Would you like to take this course next semester?
I think it's better to take EECS203 and EECS280 in a semester and take EECS376 later.
Does the web development course mainly use Python?
it depends, maybe about 4 hours each week
I would recommend EECS 484 because it is a really good class that focuses on databases and database management
Computer sciences could be alternatives
If you want the major then I would recommend this class.
You must take 376 if you want to graduate.
What's in it for you?
It is a 4 credit class.
EECS 281 required for CE upper level electives
You too, bye!
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it should be perfectly manageable.
May your day be nice.
What about EECS484?
EECS 477 should be pretty easy for you, based on your background.
Yes, with the pre-requisites that you have done right now, EECS 203 is the only EECS class that you can take.
Only projects and 2 exams, there is no homework in the class.
Have a nice day!
You can try EECS which is about Artificial Intelligence basics and fundamentals.
I think the course you are in are good.
Yes it is possible to take some of those classes in the morning but you will now be able to take all of them first thing in the morning
Happy to be of assistance
You should be fine because of all the 500 level courses you have taken.
What courses are you most interested in taking?
Course EECS484 is a large class.
How does AI-related courses sound?
EECS 280 and EECS 203 would be the next step for pursuing a major in CS.
You can take EECS487
Computer networks and security

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 155:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
What exactly are your require preferences?

C. options-for-next:
Which EECS courses would you like to take?
Yep sounds good. Do you have other questions?
How about if you take EECS 183?
you also have option to take either EECS 203 or EECS 280 or both of these classes.
Are you interested in taking EECS 183 with 203 or 280, or did you have something else in mind?
greetings, hduhaime!
What sort of subjects interest you?
Robotic Kinematics and Dynamics is what is meant by it.
thanks, you as well
First name Michael, Middle name John, Last of Cafarella
Can I help you?
Okay, great! Bye!
What are you interested in? High or Low level programming?
EECS 281 has the heaviest workload, then EECS 370, then EECS 376.
EECS482 is slightly more difficult then EECS 370 and EECS 281 however is one of the most beneficial upper level courses.
Are you looking for fun related courses or courses to complete your requirement?
It's offered from 3-5pm
Tell me what you want to study.
Theory of Neural Computation, EECS 643 is a course available
for most computer science classes, including game design Eecs 280 is a prerequisite
Are you interested in taking EECS 183. ?
Are you interested in learning more about operating systems?
If you plan to graduate, you need to do your MDE in the next 2 semesters. You've me all of the other degree requirements.
Hi Paul!
So I would suggest taking both of them.
I left that out before.
Is there anything I can do to help alleviate your issue?
One moment, please let me check for you.
Easy course is 441.
This relies on your personal tastes.
It's called "Discrete Math".
I am sorry that happened.
Courses EECS 482, EECS 485, and EECS 487 are recommended for seniors.
You need to take class eecs 183 before 280.
Hi, what can I help you with?
376 does not seem applicable
What subjects most catch your interest?
Talk to David Chesney if you are worried about your prior experience.
Have you looked into the CS major requirements yet?
Due to your interests, you should take EECS595 as the gradate level course.
Tell me the classes you're considering taking.
You need to take this class to graduate
Easiness rating 3.67
What class size do you want?
Yes EECS classes 492 and 485, Introduction to A.I., and Web Database and Info Systems, respectively, are two large class size options for you
I apologize for not having their schedules updated in my database yet.
Are you interested in , What kind of topics?
It was my pleasure.
Just take classes outside of your major that you are interested in like cooking.
What area has gotten you most interested?
Absolutely! Upper level CS courses are split into 6 types: Computer Hardware, Computer Architecture, Intelligent Systems, Software development, Theory of computation, and Web technology and applications. Which of these topics are you most interested in?
Neither is sufficient. Neither EECS 482 nor EECS 381 are on the list of courses you should be taking.
But you have to take EECS203 before any upper level courses.
You should enroll in EECS 280 and EECS 203.
EECS281 is the course I think you should take.
I recommend taking EECS 280 and 203 in the same semester
Are you interested in web development?
Take EECS 493 if you want an easy web course
Both have a tough work load
My suggestion is for you to take EECS478 or EECS475 based on your history of course choice.
Can I help you?
Correct, most students take those courses together. And EECS 370 shouldn't be as difficult because you've already taken EECS 270.
I hope your class isn't too difficult.
Good, what can help you with?
281 next semester take both of those prereqs
Definitely, a lot of things will be taught to you.
Thank you. Please take our brief survey on your experience at the end of this chat.
Wonderful, and yourself?
Yep. You'll be all set if you can pick another moderate level course to take with them
No, there's more than one and you're allowed to attend any of the discussions.
Can you tell me what year you are?
Hi! What other help do you need today?
In terms of difficulty, what preferences do you have for this class.
I think you will just be fine.
All of the other general engineering requirements are met by you.
I am glad I was of service, good bye.
It was nice speaking with you, I am feeling very good.
The upper level eecs course requires a 281.
Hi Zach.
Alright, you too! :)
Hello student
Okay yeah see ya
What more would you care to know?
My apologies, but I'm unable to suggest any other courses at the moment.
That's not in eecs
You're welcome anytime.
There is not; however, you can attend the discussion hour that will help with any doubts.
Do you have an interest in some game design classes?
Maybe you should select mobile app development, EECS 441.
What do you think about the 300 level courses?
You should take EECS 280 and 203 before taking higher classes.
I'm curious if you have taken ENGR 101.
The subject of the course is structures and algorithms.
No sir I am not.
Best of luck for your study.
What exactly are your require preferences?
Does EECS 485 cover more topics in web development
EECS281 has a similar workload to EES280, but EECS370 is considered harder.
If you want a lighter workload, I suggest EECS376.
To be a software engineer, you should have knowledge of linear algebra and probability.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 156:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes

C. options-for-next:
The Pre-requisite for EECS 281 is EECS 203.
We should anticipate that too.
Yes, most students take those classes together. You also took EECS 270, so EECS 370 won't be as hard.
I like both classes
Would you be satisfied with a small class size?
After looking at your courses, I don't think you will have too much trouble with doing them simultanesouly.
It looks like you need to take some higher level computer science courses to graduate.
Looking at your workload I would say yes you could take those three classes.
EECS 280 is required so it would be a great pick for you.
Ok, have a good day then!
Professor Ackerman teaches User Interface Development
Principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing will be learned in this course.
EECS 281 opens up so many opportunities
For security, EECS 388: Intro to Computer Security is a 4 credit course about computer security. EECS 482: Operating Systems is a 4 credit course that will give you a solid understanding of basic operating systems. EECS 492: Introduction to Artificial Intelligence is a 4 credit course on AI.
No, talk with your professor first and finish up the course requirements.
The course may be repeated one additional time if you would like.
OK, have a great day! Bye!
The three classes you have taken are EECS281, EECS370, and EECS376.
What can I do for you today?
I would suggest you to take EECS281 and EECS370 next semester.
Are EECS203 and EECS183 courses that are needed in the CS program?
How about IT?
The thing that many of the student's who take these courses do is enroll in 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370.
Which do you like more, computer hardware or computing infrastructure?
class is fancy
Are there specific courses you want to take?
Both EECS 492 and 442 are being offered next semester and both are in the intelligent systems area.
Tell me about the types of lower-level electives that you think might interest you.
I don't know the workload for that class. Another class available to you is EECS 482, which is held at 4:30pm and has a clarity rating of 4.2/5.
courses i would recommend are mobile app development for entrepreneurs and principles of real time computing.
478 is confirmed to be taught by Professor Hayes
Computer science is based on mathematics and it is important to understand that
Welcome.
Of course it's a hard one.
It shouldn't change much for now. In the future you may have to take more electrical engineering classes. But for now I would suggest that that you take EECS 281, and if you think you can handle it EECS 376 and 370
To help get me to learn more about you, express what you would enjoy.
Looking at your previous classes, I recommend both an easy and a challenging one.
Cool. I'm glad I can assist! Will there be anything else?
If you're going for a computer science major, theoretical information is usually helpful.
As a Junior, they're good because they have a good workload and are fairly easy.
Based on your major and previous courses, the following are good courses to take: 280, 203, and 183.
Can I help you with anything more today?
EECS 370 is based on  computer organization & EECS 376 is about the foundation of computer science.
Introduction to the mathematical foundations of computer science. Topics covered are: propositional and predicate logic, set theory, function and relations, growth of functions and asymptotic notation, introduction to algorithms, elementary combinatorics and graph theory, and discrete probability theory.
In terms of being helpful in the hardware area, this course is one of the best.
376,370 and 281
High work load of 281 and 370, is not suggested  taking both together.
Great! Then EECS 485 might be just the thing that you're looking for.
without doubt.
Hi! How are you doing today?
No problem, that sounds good.
EECS 281 or EECS 376 are my suggestions.
If you want to signup EECS 270, that can be a recommendation. It doesn't count as CS elective course, but it is a prerequisite for EECS 470
The Computer Science Engineering path includes ENGR101 then EECS280.
Sorry, I can only make recommendations about EECS classes since I'm an advisor for CSE. I don't know too much about other department's courses.
You have to complete XXX as a prerequisite.
Did you check out 470?
Alright! You've been added to this class
Hola!
Take an easier elective class while taking EECS 280 and 203.
Is there anything I can do to help alleviate your issue?
However you can also look at 470.
Do you have something along the lines of the EECS 376 workload?
Would you like to acquire more knowledge concerning compilers?
Besides Hardware, do you have any other preferences?
What are your interests?
Fine, what computer science classes did you take?
The class is moderately hard.
Computer science, how about it?
Oh, I'm sorry.
And some cutting-edge design techniques are also about.
What area have you found yourself most interested in?
Do you study computer science or electrical engineering?
Out of the programming courses taked so far, which did you enjoy the most?
How are you doing today?
You should take EECS 470 next.
Do you require additional help?
Does EECS interest you?
Based off the courses you have completed, I would suggest for EECS 493 (User Interface Development) and EECS 441 (Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs)
You should look at Eecs 203.  It's a prereq for other classes
What mark did you receive in ENGR101
The work in this course will require more effort.
It would be helpful for you to take course EECS470 since you already took many hardware and physics courses,they will help you career after graduation.
Do you have any knowledge  about Computer Science?
EECS is about Introduction to algorithm analysis and O-notation; Fundamental data structures including lists, stacks, queues, priority queues, hash tables, binary trees, search trees, balanced trees and graphs; searching and sorting algorithms; recursive algorithms; basic graph algorithms; introduction to greedy algorithms and divide and conquer strategy. Several programming assignments.
EECS 271 is our introductory level class teaching algorithm analysis and O-notation.
have you took course 470?
I see you are going to take Econ.
EECS470 is a class I recommend.
Both lessons are also 4 credits.
Which EECS classes did you find most enjoyable?
203 is about discrete mathematics, your other cs classes will reference it a lot.
If you will take EECS 281, I strongly suggest you to take EECS 370 which is a 4 credit class.
Hi, chong? How can I help you?
Do you have a problem?
This can help you learn computer orgranization
Great. Is there anything else I can assist with?
The class is worth 4 credits.
Enrolling in either EECS 370 or EECS 376 can help you complete your Major course requirements early on.
What do you think about the workload of thes courses you took?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 157:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
for most computer science classes, including game design Eecs 280 is a prerequisite

C. options-for-next:
It's mostly time management
Alright. Enjoy your day!
I am happy to help.
I'm fine.  How can I help you today?
Feel free to ask any other questions
Is there any way I can assist you this day?
There are other courses you can take to remain a full time student so you should talk to the general engineering advisor for information bout that.
You should probably take EECS482, then.
Good morning, what can I help you with?
Those are database management systems, web database and information systems.
203 is a really good course.
EECS 492 is an option, which is a class about artificial intelligence.
EECS 376 is my recommendation, based on your preferences.
My pleasure.
No clue, I can check for you real quick.
Database Management Systems is the extended form of EECS 484
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nice. Hopefully you you have a great semester.
Are you interested in taking more computer classes beyond engr101?
The course is Cryptology, and this is the introduction.
Hello, Can I be of assistance to you?
What class have you taken before, so I can help you?
these courses have around 3 workload
Yes, this is a course on computer hardware.
Yes, that's correct
If your looking for something lighter, try eecs 492.
What can I do for you?
No problem, see you later
for most computer science classes, including game design Eecs 280 is a prerequisite
Good!, What questions do you have?
The average class size is about 81
The records show that you are pretty experienced in classes about hardware.
You need a technical elective for a CE. Looking at your schedule, I'd recommend a physics class. Any 300 level physics class would be good for this requirement.
Does mobile application dev interest you?
Enjoyable senior life
Why do you not find 281 appealing?
Do you need further elaboration for either of those courses?
Some options include 10, 11, 12, or 13 credits along with this course
Can you tell me a bit about your interests?
Excellent. Enjoy your day.
The course is EECS 492.
Are there any other questions that you have?
Design of Microprocessor Based Systems is EECS 373.
Any chance you are switching from CSE to CS?
The classwork is not overloaded and there are about  100 students in the class
EECS 370 teaches hardware architecture and design.
You should take EECS 203 Discrete Math in my opinion.
What topics are you interested in?
I see you haven't taken the advisory prerequisite course, Linear Algebra. I wouldn't recommend this course because of that. I would go for MATH 217 first.
That sounds awesome, what is your major?
Then, I strongly suggest you to take Computer Architecture, Software Engineering, Computer Game Design and Development and Design of Microprocessor Based Systems
EECS 281 is not as challenging as it is made out to be
You can start taking more EECS classes now that you seem to have finished most of your pre-requisites.
There are approximately 125 students
With the sophomore students in our department, EECS 376, EECS 281, EECS 478 and EECS 370 are the most popular courses
To answer your question, EECS 183 is a easy course.
EECS 484 somewhat difficult, while EECS 485 is more challenging.
An advanced version of EESC 203, it is like.
Would you want to talk about next semester and the courses you selected?
How come you here today?
It is pretty difficult.
The 1.91 for EECS 376 is not as easy as the rating says.
EECS courses can be useful in many other study areas even if you don't want to major in EECS.
For you, 485 will be a good choice.
Okay, you are interested in what kind of courses?
you have a hip hip-hoppiting.day i hope
EECS 376 is called "Foundations of Computer Science"
This will be algorithm. It will be challenging and time consuming. Still, it will definitely be helpful if you plan to get a job because much of the content will come up during interviews for programming roles.
While 281 and 376 are more manageable
It's a favorable precursor to object oriented programming
Based on your background, I think EECS203 is great for you.
I suggest EECS 370
Both courses too much? I would recommend dropping EECS2280.
How are you doing?
Are you put off by large class sizes?
3.77 is the clarity rating based on past feedback.
I would advise EECS 280 and EECS 203.
Your records indicate that 203 is compatible at this time.
Computer science does sound great
Every semester I recommend two EECS classes.
376 requires around 5 hours per week and 494 probably requires around 12 hours per week
Seniors entering the job market should look into EECS482 - Introduction to Operating Systems since it teaches what would be tested in that area for interviews.
Due to your background, you may need to take a fundamental economy class prior.
Can you tell me something about EECS203? How was the material and the workload?
Very good, so how can I help you now?
It is not very difficult.
What interests you about 381?
Awesome! Let me gather my train of thought.
You may need to take a basic economics course depending upon your background
Yes, taking 373 would be a good idea.
Discussion hour is offered for this class also.
Another good Database Management System is the 484 System.
It seems that you've done a good job setting up your freshman courseload. You're well on point for the CSE major so far!
Are you interested in EECS less than finance?
Introduction to Machine Learning, EECS 445 is very heavy in math.
That's a great class for the direction you're heading.
Well, I'm pleased that you don't think that!
One class is interactive computer graphics and the other is user interfaces.
Next semester both EECS 492 and 442 are being offered, which are in the intelligent systems area.
For next semester, would you like to have a heavy or light workload?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 158:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

C. options-for-next:
What do you thing about Artificail Intelligence, any interest?
Given these classes, EECS 381 is the most difficult.
Alright, so only two.
OK. Do you have any other questions?
However, this class is not a CSE pre-major course, so it would not help you to progress further in the major.
Let me check.
EECS 281 is something I'd recommend to you as a junior.
Class EECS 373 is the smaller one.
Both classes are around 100.
It shouldn't alter anything for now. In the future you may have to take more electrical engineering classes. But for now I would suggest that that you take EECS 281, and if you think you can handle it EECS 376 and 370
The helpfulness rating is 4.13/5.
Do you have many courses next semester? Is this why you're doing that?
These would be the only two engineering classes the count towards a CS major.
Are you interested in taking CS classes next semester?
Fine. I love you!
Is there anything else?  Awesome!
Do you like graphics or algorithms?
Tell me more about what you like.
EECS 280 is about Data Algorithms and Programming
Is there anything else that you are interested in?
It is a typical MDE for a student of CS.
Hi Jamie! What can I help you with today?
Is Cryptography something that interests you?
What interests you most, Artificial Intelligence, Database Management, Game Design, or Computer Vision?
I was mistaken earlier EECS 376 is the hardest class you can take out the 4
My suggestion would be taking EECS 485 which is the web development course and EECS 370 as this is the introductory course for computer hardware
For the 2011 Fall semester, because of your history, you should enroll in EECS 470:  Computer Architecture or EECW 478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization
EECS485 is a big class, true.
You'll need 16 credits more to graduate so I would suggest adding some courses to your schedule.
Is that it?
Would you like to know more about microprocessers, computer architecture, or logic circuit sysnthesis?
So, what's next?
No, you can't unfortunately.
That's a very good decision!
I suggest you sign up for EECS 482
Could you elaborate on the difficulty of the classes you enjoy taking?
The requirements for the major can be seen at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf
Hmm, you may find that some of the material in 370 and 376 is a bit challenging. Should that occur, I'd suggest you take full advantage of office hours.
Hi hduhaime!
Hello, how are you doing?
This is a class that is challenging.
Is that it?
They meet the same time as Machine Learning
It is a 4 credit
Do you like EECS373 Design of Microprocessor Based Systems?
A prerequisite for most upper level cs is EECS 281.
Yes, it's a morning class.
What is it about EECS485?
If you need more options for the next semester you can take them both simultaneously.
The workload of class EECS485 is the same as other 4 credit hour classes.
EECS183 would be a helpful class for you.
I don't know , but I believe he's great.
Hello, can I help you any way?
EECS484 is a prerequisite for EECS584.
You should take EECS 494 because of your need for an MDE and interest in game development
The instructor was rated as having taught EECS557 moderately clearly.
There is no lab
What do you need help with today?
Greetings pupil, what questions do you want to ask today?
Are there any courses you are interested in?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Have an awesome day!
You should join the Michigan Data Science Team and follow Deng on facebook since he posts a lot of random but relevant stuff.
How much workload do you use in your classes?
Do you know anything about databases?
That final project sounds really good.
From my records, they both have pretty high clarity ratings.
Hi Tanvir. How is it going?
EECS281 has 81 students.
How do you do?
Many students find 370 very interesting because it involves hardware
I recommend taking 280 to explain the specific fields.
Ok, sounds good. Have a good day!
Classes that are worth 4 credits include Introduction to Computer Organization and Introduction to Cryptography.
The EECS 281 class is 2.5/4 on the EECS course difficulty survey, which is difficult, but not exceptionally so.
There is a moderate difficulty level for EECS281.
To get to know compiler, take 583.
The same as EECS445, EECS477 and EECS492.
It is a core class. The teacher is Igor L Markov.
What can I do to assist you?
Most students like front-end because it is less boring. Students that like back-end systems usually use "vim" for their text editors
It is fairly challenging.
The class 376 is required.
I am so happy to hear it
I think you should avoid 482, however, with the other 2 because 484 has a very heavy workload.
Can I help you with anything else?
That is my mistake
The records show that you are pretty experienced in classes about hardware.
Would you like to try an entry level class?
A good course, like 492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
EECS 398 Computing for Computer Scientists is not a very difficult class.
Based on what you're interested in, I suggest you look into EECS586, Design and Analysis of Algorithms.
Accomplishing success is achievable.
For an easiness rating, that course has a 3.
If you are looking to get an introduction to the mathematical foundations of computer science, this is the course for you.
For a nice semester, I recommend taking EECS 281 and EECS 370.
EECS 183 is a more in-depth exploration of the programming topics covered in 101. Maybe that will suit you better
There aren't any suggested classes for you with web applications in the Web technology and Applications area, but there are courses in the Software Development area that would help you with web applications.
best of luck with the next semester
Nice! I would suggest EECS 376: Foundations of Computer Science since you liked the size and content of EECS 203.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 159:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.

C. options-for-next:
I'd take EECS 370 and 376 now, since they are required for your major.
EECS 545 has class on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
A majority of students say that 482 is the least difficult of those, because operating systems are straightforward.
EECS281 is the gateway course to pretty much all of the upper level CS courses that the department offers.
I  recommend EECS 484 or 485  if you have an interest in databases and EEC 477 if you like to work with algorithms.
376 is a prerequisite class.
It has been my pleasure. I look forward to assisting you again in the future.
The workload is too heavy.. You can choose to take two of these courses..
It's not scheduled yet, but 370 is available every semester
it's definitely a challenging schedule, but's it's not harder than past semesters.
I suggest referring to the course guide available at http://www.lsa.umich.edu/cg/
This is the first course on cryptography.
Will this class work for you?
The class size is 40 and offers 4 credits.
I recommend that you take it!
I am unsure because the difficulty rating for number four hundred eighty-three is not currently available.
Would you also like to take a math class next semester?
How else may I be of help?
While it is only 3 credits and said to be easier, the class size is around 30 students
This is a programming course.
If you want to do an EECS minor or EECS major then yes.
You have plenty of time, so don't worry!
Taking your previous courses into account, it shouldn't be hectic.
A course with a similar class size and easiness rating is EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
sure, what questions do you have?
About computer science, what courses did you take?
I think you should take as many of the required classes as possible this semester, you may be unable to finish by year's end.
Classes awarding 4 credits include Introduction to Computer Organization and Introduction to Cryptography.
My duty is that.
Though it's not as general of a foundation, it would not be very overloading to take in the same semester as 482.
It's computer organization.
I'm convinced you'll be okay.
Are you interested in any specific topics?
Have a wonderful night.
EECS 281 and EECS 203 are required for a lot of other EECS courses, I definitely suggest taking them as soon as you're able to.
How can I be of assistance today?
You should probably take your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, first.
The average size of this class is 12 students, which is relatively small.
Have you given EECS 484 consideration?
I'm happy to help.  Any more questions?
EECS 203 - did you find it easy to complete?
Hmm, what would be your interest precisely?
Since you've taken this class before, I suggest you take another class.
It is suggested you take 556.
Hi, what can I do to help you?
You have yet to take EECS 376 which is required for your CS major. I'd recommend taking that class as well, next semester
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.
Hi
These classes are both upper level, credit 4 classes.
If you like AI I would suggest 429 Introduction to AI with Professor Durfee.
Is EECE 373 Design of Microprocessor Based System something that would appeal to you?
All of these classes are categorized core.
There are 81 students in class EECS281.
Any other question?
Ok, bye!
The main difference is that 376 is about computation theory and 370 is about computer and operating system.
Nice, how can I help you?
Good day, how are you?
Can you tell me the class schedule for EECS203.
Have a good day.
To complete requirements and based on your interest I would advise taking Machine Learning.
Several classes have clear professors.  EECS 494, EECS 381, and EECS 481 are classes that have clear professors. Though you should probably not take EECS 478 and EECS 441.
How can I help you today?
I don't recommend taking more than one other EECS class along with 281.
There is seating for approximately 64 students.
Do you have the major requirements for CS yet?
What do you need assistance with?
Do you want to take an easier class along with these ones?
It is not as hard as I was told to get through EECS 281
Generally students take EECS 281 after EECS 280
Well, which classes are in your consideration?
As all three of these courses have a moderate workload. So it might be difficult to take all at once.
Okay. Have a nice day!
That might be a good choice for you.
For a relatively easy course to take, go with "Elementary Programming Concepts".
The professor of EECS484 teaches it somewhat clearly.
I would prioritze signing up for EECS 281 if you were to choose one, as it will open up more upper level CS courses to you.
Yes, it is difficult in some sense. Especially if you didn't do well in EECS280.
Many  students opt to take eecs280 and 203 together, despite the heavy workload.
It's not required that you take both in the same semester.
you have not yet taken EECS 281
A lot of opinions you have
If you want a more challenging computer hardware course, you could take 470 which is Computer Architecture, which is a graduate level course
Any more questions?
Hi, Christian Kavour.
MATH 214 is a requirement if you've taken MATH 216.
do you enjoy circuits
For example, I would suggest taking EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms, EECS 370 Computer Organization, or EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science, next semester
Was this helpful? After this scheduling of classes, do you feel good now?
Jia Deng will come next I think but next year Johnson-Roberson.
You have a few mathematics courses from previous semesters.
Have you taken Artificial Intelligence already, I am thinking you have.
Based on your background I recommend EECS 281 Data structures and Algorithms.
One can take EECS 281 or EECS 370.
The hardest course accessible to you is EECS 183, prologue to programming
Would you consider learning computer software?
Taking both classes at once would be okay since both have a medium size workload.
That I do not know.
Hi, how can I help you?
There is no information for us.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 160:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it I should perfectly manageable

C. options-for-next:
We have a software development course, and another one on infrastructure.
Sure. Hope you have a great day.
since you are a CSE major, you won't need to take EECS 183, since you've already taken ENG100
Do you need assistance?
If I may suggest, as you require 16 more credits, the rest of your schedule should have some intellectual courses prior to graduation.
EECS477 has a medium workload.
You are welcome.
I would advise taking EECS 485, Web Databases and Information Systems. EECS 484, Database Management Systems, expands upon some of the database topics discussed in EECS 485. EECS 493, User Interface Development, is also extremely beneficial for developers designing websites and web applications.
After reviewing your transcript I recommend that you register for the Fall 2011 semester in either EECS 470: Computer Architecture or EECS 478: Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization.
The other engineering courses are in your schedule
Not a problem
This seems like it could be a hard semester, so consider it carefully.
Which classes interest you?
You should now begin upper-level electives
You have to take XXX before.
I would not tell you that it is advisable for most other students
Intro to Croptography is a class I highly recommend, and it comes with a heavy workload.
Taking the EECS 203 would be required.
Are you into EECS?
It's a 4 credit course, the earlier one had 3 credits. This one has the discussion session.
That's fantastic. Enjoy your semester!
Fine, have a nice day!
Great, sounds like EECS 481 (Software Engineering) and EECS 492 (Intro to AI) might be good for you
Ok, did you take any courses about computer science?
Yes! You should take EECS 494.
Hi, What can I do for you?
No problem, have a great day.
If that's what you decide, I'd suggest that you'd take something easier, like EECS477.
Want to take EECS courses?
is web technology and applications the only things that are covered?
You will learn some mathematical and computer science logics in EECS203 discrete math.
You're welcome
EECS 376 and EECS 370 are available for you, based on your interests.
Sure, no problem!
EECS 485 is web dev class it teaches you to make web apps with flask and goes over most of the basics.
No, you can learn that during class. You will have to spend more time on it.
Would you be able to explain to me what you're interested in?
Based on your background and interest, I would recommend EECS281, data structure and algorithms to you.
If you have a good grasp of probability and combinations it I should perfectly manageable
I'm sorry to hear that.
it will take 4 credits so 4 hrs for class and then it requires 4 more hours on average to do homework and exam prep.
I'd highly recommend pursuing computer vision instead of VLSI, since there are a lot more opportunities to build automated learning systems.
What can I do for you?
since 376 is light, it's good to go with a heavier one.
What has been your most useful class in the EECS department so far?
Hello. Can I help you with anything?
I suggest that you take about 14-16 credits, so 3 or 4 classes.
What can I do for you?
A good class for Software Engineers is EECS 381 which is an Object Oriented Programming class.
Both have an average workload.
An option would be to take a  more general core class cause this would give you more idea about what you might be interested in, a good example is EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science
Machine Learning
Greetings, is there something I can help you with?
EECS485 has web technology, which it covers
I was wondering what you major was.
I recommend you taking EECS484, since you've already taken 281.
Have you considered taking EECS 381 and 482 together?
Unfortunately, Wolverine Access is the only thing that has that information available.
as far as MDEs go,  do you have a preference?
As far as your interests, what topics or fields come to mind?
i woul recommend taking EECS280 after looking at your coursework
Attention all coders, this is the course for you!
this class offers 4 credits
Lets try and find something that works.
Considering courses, EECS 183, Elementary Programming Concepts, may be one for you, I think.
I do think EECS203 Discrete Match would be a good fit for you.
How may I help you today!
A difficult class to take you would like?
Hi!
You are right on track, credits wise!
In EECS 482, you learn to build complex software systems.
Yes. That means if you choose course that have 4 credits, you would need to take 3 courses.
Logic circuit synthesis and optimization is taught in a class called EECS 478.
Hey buddy, how's it going?
Do you like hardware or software courses more?
Are you partial to large classes, medium-sized classes, or small classes?
EECS280 does not cover the Python language but EECS183 covers two languages, including Python.
Sure is!
Looking at your preferences, I recommend taking EECS484 Database Management Systems.
You can handle 373 based on the courses you have taken.
You could do EECS 493
Yeah, he's pretty good.
To help get me to learn more about you, express what you would enjoy.
We provide courses in each of those.
Why doesn't 281 appeal to you?
EECS 280, EECS 203, and EECS 183 are the next in line that you can take next semester.
Yes, you have had solid report cards.
Yes, the course EECS280 is a big class and it is helpful if you want to find a job after you graduate.
How easy the class do you prefer it to be?
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
376 is computation theory and 370 is  computer and operating system.
You would have to take EECS 281 and also 2 upper level CS classes
The course is EECS285.
Why not just choose something you want to do?
This class is a 2.23 on the easiness scale.
But it's in the morning.
Basic algorithms and data structures, such as recursive and greedy algorithms, are what it will teach.
Are you willing to sign up for any other EECS course?
You can find the syllabus on the course page.
Then I'll suggest you to take EECS 545

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 161:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280

C. options-for-next:
What subjects interest you?
Check out the class on computer networks called EECS 489.
Of course! One course I may advise is EECS 373, which is about Design of Microprocessor Based Systems.
You're welcome. Anything else I can do for you?
How many students in the class is best for you ?
You already have 30 credits now, you need to get 12 credits next semester, here ya go.
I would prefer EECS477 if that's your field of interest.
It's all about various cutting-edge EECS topics.
Did you already have a CS course?
You're welcome!
You'd need to finish the other prereqs first if you're not interested in it.
Most students try to finish up EECS 281 as soon as possible so that they can access the upper level electives.
Sounds good. See you later.
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Please continue
I would recommend!
Correct,  you options are  EECS484 Database Management Systems or EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development.
When choosing between web or software development, which is your preference?
Interface development maybe you want to take a class as well, if you are into game development.
Are there more questions that I can answer for you?
Hello, Student
eecs 484 or eecs485, I think that you should sign up for one of these
It covers fundamental concepts such as algorithm, data structures and so forth using high-level programming language (python)
EECS485 has meet the 4 credits of the ULCS requirement.
Unfortunately there aren't any other EECS classes next semester for you to take, but 203 will help you move ahead with the major!
Martha Pollack will be teaching 203 for the next semester.
Based on your class size preference, I recommend that you take that.
Okay, I wish you a great day!
It appears that you still have yet to do EECS 376, three more ULCS classes, Stats 250, and an MDE.
I'm not sure that I can graduate in 3 years with a double major.
Would you like to keep going on the track?
Do you like EECS373 Design of Microprocessor Based Systems?
Another options I'd consider is EECS 484 - database systems.
I recommend taking this class now because it's a good introduction to the math basics of computer science.
If you want to play it safe, EECS281, EECS376, with another 4 credit class will be a better option.
EECS482 is about software development and computing infrastructure
I think you should take THTREMUS 101 it's intro to acting.
To declare a computer science major, you will have to finish eecs183, eecs280, eecs203, and stats250.
EECS 482 is a light to medium courseload.
I believe that a first year student should take the required courses EECS280 and EECS203 next term.
Do you like big or small classes?
What are you interested in as that depends on your interest areas.
Not a problem, have an excellent day.
I didn't see that the course had a prerequisite, sorry about that.
Hello Tanvir. How is you?
Software development and computer infrastructure are in the same area.
Is there something I can do for you?
Good luck with your study.
Both are large classes with class sizes of around 129.1 for EECS 484 and 128.5 for EECS 485
Principles of hardware and software microcomputer interfacing will be learned in this course.
Unfortunately, I do not have that information.
I think you should also take EECS281 which is Data Structures and Algorithms.
Are you advisor?
EECS203 Discrete Math course is a great option for people who are interested in Computation Theory.
generally students say 441 is not a very heavy class. Otherwise, I would suggest a non-cs class. you may want to fulfill some humanities/ss reqs
This class gives you 4 credit
Hi Kevin! What can I help you with today?
The Programming and Introductory Data Structures class is called EECS280
It is also a lab-free, discussion-led, 4 credit course with a prerequisite.
Are there any other classes you want to learn more about?
Welcome!
Given that you have just completed ENGR 101, the next courses you should take are EECS 280 and EECS 203
Actually the class workload is relatively light.
445 is an easier route to take.
Tell me what topics and fields interest you.
Are you going to try graduating this year?
Is there any additional assistance I can provide?
My pleasure!
Does one or the other sound interesting?
Looking at software development, the eecs courses 280 or 183 are good.
Absolutely! It's no trouble at all! :)
may you have a day that is good.
It's okay if you didn't like the EECS376 course as it is not most popular course.
What about 381 interests you?
If you definitely wanted to, you are able to take another easy upper level course like EECS 493.
Great!
The moderately helpful professor is Strauss.
You don't need to take both of them in the same semester
It introduces concepts and methods for the design, creation, query and management of large enterprise databases.
The special topics class that's being offered now sounds interesting!
Looking at your background in math, I think you'll do a good job in EECS 203.
Further details are as follows.
I would suggest that you take EECS445 Introduction to Machine Learning.
Is it your goal to have a heavy workload next semester?
I think that is an allowable workload for most students!
This class is worth 4 credits.
I'm sure there isn't a overlap
What preference of class size--low, moderate, or large--do you like best?
The work load is light.
Your plan for next semester sounds complete!
So that you can be an EECS major, you will need to take EECS 281
Are you looking to take a tough or easy semester?
Seeing as you are just a freshman and also new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
Chose a single major so you can graduate in three years.
This is really about basic programming techniques and algorithm
This course should be easy since you've already taken MATH 214 and 216.
You'll need to take 281 before you take any upper level courses.
Given that you already did EECS 388, you might find this course interesting.
Have you taken EECS 203 yet?
Glad I could help.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 162:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Can your preferences be told to me by you.

C. options-for-next:
Which would  you prefer to do?
Then, I suggest taking EECS493: User Interface Development
EECS 478 is about advanced design of logic circuits and so on.
This is Michael John
Best wishes!
Good Morning
The next lessons  in the series that you can sign up for next semester are EECS 280, EECS 203, and EECS 183
What is it to be computer science?
Got it. How many credit short are you from your graduation?
You're welcome.
No problem! Have a good one.
From the looks of it, you haven't finished completing your pre-reqs.
Which difficulty rating do you prefer most? Easy, medium, or hard?
I support EECS484!
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
do you want this track to continue
it counts as the MDE.
You have to take EECS 203 if you want to do computer science major.
Do you prefer a theory style of class or application.
You have the option to take summer classes to catch up.
Have you accomplished your Intellectual Breadth credits?
EECS 445 on Machine learning may apply, otherwise, other classes related to AI are open.
I apologize for my mistake.
EECS370, EECS376 and others can be taken.
You may consider taking EECS 595 if you eventually do take EECS 445
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else today?
I don't have information on a specific programming language needed for 494, but you'll be using SQL in 484.
The name is Web Database and Information Systems.
3.25 is the easiness of it.
A lot of the students here choose to take 281 and 370 together, or 376 and 370..
Perhaps then you can look into EECS 591.
Of the majors at university, CS is definitely one of the harder ones to take. As far as the EECS department goes, EE is difficult, but in its own way. It's different from CS.
You would be using C/C++ to learn the basics of how computers execute programs and learn about the hardware/software process in 370.
Yes, the Professor for EECS 280 (David R. Chesney) has a clarity rating of 3.96. So I would assume he is also helpful. However, EECS 203 is taught by Clayton D. Scott and has a clarity rating of 2.96.
You could consider take one of the 370 and 478
You could take 281 this semester as you have not taken it yet.
EEECS445 is a very important course for AI.
What is the maximum number of classes you'd like to take next semester?
Most students take 4 classes per semester
Apologies but I am an EECS advisor. You should probably talk with the LSA advisor.
Hey, it is cool to meet you!
What kind of topics interest you?
The class size for EECS 492 is 124, and its easiness rate is 3.08
Those two classes together have an easiness rating of 2+.
I would also suggest taking EECS478 -- logic circuit synthesis and optimization
I hope your class isn't too difficult.
Let's try to find something that works.
Are you going to take any 300 level courses?
Given the options of math oriented courses or programming course, which one do you like more?
Certainly, go ahead.
If you enjoy EECS 100, then  I'd recommend EECS 183.
Do you feel like learning about databases?
Not a problem!
Hi, can I offer you some assistance today?
482 operating systems may also be interesting to take
Your choices are very limited.
In my opinion it is doable for most students!
Ok, awesome! You have a good day.
Possible EECS492.
Which do you prefer, web or software development?
What are your thoughts on the introductory data structure course?
Since you haven't taken EECS 281 you'll want to take it. This is a good way to the upper level CS classes.
Not a problem. Goodbye.
492 isn't too hard on its own.
I am so sorry.
EECS 281 should be one of your heavy workload classes if you are taking it.
Why do you think 281 is not appealing?
What is your favorite topic?
Thank you very much! Have a good day!
This course is about theory and application of matrix methods to signal processing, data analysis and machine learning
Some classes you can sign up for next semester that are available are EECS 280 and 203.
I know we just met but i would like to say hello
Can I help with you with anything else?
Okay. What would you like to know about this class?
2.69 is the course rating
Good bye!
Hi, What can i help you with today?
Hi Akash here
are you looking for suggestions on classes?
The EECS477 workload is medium.
You could possibly consider taking the course EECS 494 for computer game design.
Most of the computer science majors will take it as the first programming course.
This is an introductory course, which means that the material is not too difficult, but it covers many topics.
Do you think that you would be interested in artificial intelligence?
Choose something you want to do instead.
Monday and Wednesday is when they meet.
Does that sound fun to you?
What, if at all, can i help you with today?
SInce you have taken EECS 281, you should take both EECS 370 and 376 next semester.
There are no conflicts with your current schedule.
How can I help you?
Yes, there are three SW classes you can take. I would suggest EECS 203 to start.
That is correct!
You should think about taking EECS 280 next semester.
Much luck for your study
In my opinion you need to drop something else if you want to take 549
Your requirements will also be completed by EECS281
Both are large courses with class sizes of 129.1 for EECS 484 and 128.5 for EECS 485
If EECS 37, 373 are not hard classes for you, then you will feel good about it.
You have had very good grades indeed.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 163:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes

C. options-for-next:
For the classes you want to take, which do you prefer?
This course may be difficult given your background.
For next semester, did you want to take your MDE?
Do you have any backround using linear alegbra?
What courses are you interested in?
That's a good class for what you're looking for.
Hello, how can I assist you?
The course EECS 376 has no project requirement so that is the one I recommend.
Hey Stein! What do you want to discuss today??
My apologies.
I strongly recommend you to take EECS376.
492 tends to be a bigger class with around 125 students while 442 tends to be smaller with around 55 students
If you like backend then this class may be for you.
Not a problem
Success in this course will be easier for those students with machine learning background.
It depends how you feel in EECS 370 whether you will find 373 hard or not.
Okay, sayonara!
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Greetings, sir! Is there anything I can do for you?
good day!
3 core requirements are required to finish.
The next logical choice would be EECS 203.
I would like you to consider EECS 481. It is a good course for EECS students since it is software engineering and will count as one of your technical electives for graduation.
What topics are you interested in?
Pragmatric of production software systems with strurcturing principles help operate and give information on how it works.
It is a helpful intro to object oriented programming
They are Programming and Introductory Data Structures, Discrete Math, and Elementary Programming Concepts, respectively.
Can your interests be told to me?
EECS is greater, 81.4
EECS482 is slightly more difficult then EECS 370 and EECS 281 however is one of the most beneficial upper level courses.
What types of fields are you interested in.
Yeah, neither one is very hard, and they are a breeze compared to 281.
Break a leg!
How can I help you today?
We have course pertaining to both of those.
Hi Varsha! What's up with you today? What can I help you with?
There aren't other computer hardware classes being offered next semester
Good, and you?
well met, hduhaime!
I believe that you'd have less work if you chose 370 and 3 other non-EECS courses only if the non-EECS courses have little work.
Anything else I can help you with today?
At 10 am on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, the lectures will be held.
Considering your interest, I think EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor Based System, EECS 470: Computer Architecture, EECS 485: Web Database and Information Systems, EECS 484 Database Management Systems will be most relevant to your interest.
I can help you with your academic schedule.
Do you have the ability to tell me what your are interested in?
Hi Zach.
Unfortunately, it is in the morning.
Another easy course is 441.
An average of 81.4 students.
I want you to try 14 - 16 credits, so plan on 3 or 4 classes.
Hi, how's it going?
That is perfectly fine. I would then suggest you take both 370 and 376 next semester while laying off 281 until the subsequent term.
I suggest taking a lower level humanities or social science.
If machine learning is your interest, I recommend 545.
Would you have interest in artificial intelligence?
I would recommend that you take EECS281 and EECS370 first so that  you can take the upper level EECS courses.
To declare an EECS major you must finish these two classes.
Advances language classes makes it difficult to handle anything more than 2 EECS classes.
An easy class is EECS 398 Computing for Computer Scientists
After checking your preference of clarity, EECS 481 would be recommended for you
I'm happy I was able to help.
Do you think this is a good fit for you?
Is that a course you would be willing to take?
It's simple!
Definitely just let me see for a min.
EECS 484 is moderately tough, while EECS 485 is more difficult.
2 is where the level of easiness is set at.
The class is run by Michael John Cafarella
Your semester looks overloaded. I recommend taking a less taxing level cs class.
You have to take EECS 280 to take many computer engineering courses.
I would certainly recommend EECS376 Foundations of Computer Science.
You're welcome and have a nice day!
It seems like you've maxed out your non-CS credits. If you still want to do something different EECS 494 Game Design and Development might be a good change of page.
203 and 280 are needed to help with 281
Taking into consideration your student status and record, which one of the two most interests you?
Would you like to continue taking upper level CE classes as you've previously done?
You should take EECS 280 and EECS 203
Good bye Varsha!
Do you have a specific area of interest?
Sure. Let me take a check your background.
I am not sure
What is your preference for the class you want to take?
What level of workload are you expecting?
I recommend taking EECS485.
Both are typically easy to moderate workload CS classes.
EECS484 and EECS 485 are my recommendations.
Do you want to ask for more information?
Thanks for showing up
IF YOU NEED ME i CAN HELP
Robot touch and movement.
Until next time, Christian Kavour
What are your interests?
Do you like something related to hardware?
There are two courses in the computer hardware area you could take next semester.
492 is about Introduction to Artificial Intelligence and 442 is Computer Vision
492 is usually bigger with around 125 students, but 442 is usually smaller with about 55 students.
I would suggest taking class 281 it is very important
it is important you take EECS280 if you are interested in CS
Hello
your ULCS course this coming year.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 164:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.

C. options-for-next:
Those classes suit your desire for a small class size and helpful professor.
creation of software through engineering
welcome
Thank you, good bye.
EECS442 or EECS482 would be great for you, theyre not too hard and theyre what your looking for.
okay , bye thank you.
As your advisor, I am definitely happy to help
I would recommend looking into EECS484.
It's around 25 students
Nice! I recommend taking EECS 281, EECS 370, or EECS 376 next semester.
In that case I'd like to suggest taking an additional course. Namely, EECS 493 covering User Interface Development.
Cool, have you taken eecs 280 or eecs 281?
Would you like to take this class next semester?
If you are not able to fit all of those classes in your schedule, you will be able to complete the Minor
Those grades are meritorious.
You're not required to take it, but it's highly recommended that you do.
If you want a lighter load, EECS 376 has one and it's required.
Due to your current workload, I'd recommend EECS376
493 would be a lighter intensity, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
It is a beginner's course on cryptography.
I'd definitely suggest choosing EECS 281.
Alright, let me see.
You could sign up for EECS 478, Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization, which is not too difficult and has a medium workload.
EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science or EECS 281 Data Structures and Algorithms seem to be like the classes that would make sense to take next and they deal with Software Infrastructure Applications
3.38 is the Helpfulness rating for EECS 481.
You need a technical elective for CE, and based on your schedule a level 300 physics class should fulfill that requirement.
Is that fine?
You could if you feel like you have a strong Math or Statistics background
Or do you have an exact class you'd like?
Oh wow, have you considered EECS 492 Artificial intelligence?
Yes that's a better option. Please see me again if you need anything else.
For the classes you desire to take, what do you prefer?
Last semester did you take them together?
Good morning! Is there anything I can help you with today?
Can I help you?
The EECS183 class is critical for first year students.
I'll help
Any idea what classes you might want to take?
Can you tell me about your interests?
Very welcome you are.
Hey! How can I be of help?
Have a blessed day!
The subject is basic algorithms and data structures.
Wow, sounds like a perfect fit for you!
Taking EECS 281 is a good idea.
I'm happy that I could help
You're welcome. Goodbye!
Everyone I've talked to that has taken it has gained a lot from it, despite the very heavy workload.
The course is called Elementary Programming Concepts.
I know we just met but i would like to say hello
Hello, Tianyi, what can I do for you?
You will find MATH214 and STATS250 to be just what you need for now.
You only need 8, so two more, ULCS credits to graduate, but do you want to take more than 2 EECS classes?
How is your interest in computer software?
Are you thinking of any questions?
You might want to consider whether or not you'd be able to keep up with it next semester, because both classes are fairly challenging.
I'd recommend taking 281 with it now, because you'd want that out of the way to take other courses.
The class name Introduction to Computer Organization is EECS 370.
There are a lot of people in both classes, around 80 or 90.
Once you have finished ENGR1, EECS 183 is no longer required.
Good luck!
What information are you seeking?
If software development interests you, then you should take EECS281.
How was the class size?
It will be hard to double major with a major as hard as CSE. If you have a strong work ethic it's possible, but I would suggest minoring in classics instead of majoring.
On account of it not having the EECS 281 class as its requirement.
And did you like them?
I don't know details, but it's a core class like 281.
Next semester you will take EECS 370 and 376 to complement the 281 you already took.
Maybe 564, Estimation, Filtering, and Detection
Have you taken Calculus courses before?
No problem, have a good day
Of the classes you've taken, which did you enjoy the most?
Are there any other questions that you have?
Based on previous findings, EECS280 scores 4.13 and EECS183 scores 3.63. But I would recommend both.
Are you interested in any particular EECS course? Considering you're profile, I see you took a lot of EECS classes.
You work in a based almost any micro-processor build  project that you'd like
Glad I could help
Most students decide to take both class in the same semester.
I see from your records you have taken both EECS281 and EECS370.
Eecs 280 should be a prerequisite for computer science or game design.
You should have to take EECS 281 and 2 upper level CS classes
That works for you right?
I think you can take these two courses simultaneously,judging by your previously taken courses.
No worries.  If you need further assistance, please let me know.  Enjoy the day.
For you, I would also suggest "Programming and Introductory Data Structures" and "Discrete Math".
I have no idea. Let me go confirm!
Is there anything else you need?
The coursework might be too hard for a sophomore.
I strongly suggest fresher take 183 first.
Almost all of the EECS students choose EECS 280, 183, and 203.
Cool.
I don't have any other courses that are currently reccommended for you, besides 376.
Discrete Mathematics. Is covers probability, logic, functions, algorithms, intro combinatorics, graph theory, and discrete probability.
I suggest that if you want to graduate in 3 years you chose a single major
Are you planning of majoring in EECS?
Alright,  I am asking because there are still a few required classes that you could also take this coming semester.
Do you enjoy EECS492 AI?
But it depends you know.
There is a couple classes I would recommend

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 165:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

C. options-for-next:
What are your opinions on your workload for your classes?
After taking these two classes then you can move on to the 300 series classes in EECS.
EECS 484, Database Management Systems, or EECS 485, Web Database and Information Systems, would be my recommendation for you.
OK, then that's that! It seems like you know what you're doing.
If it was a good spot to be in, should be there.
How can I help you?
Would you say that you had picked CS as your major?
Is this a thing that would be good for you?
I believe that EECS470 would be your best option.
You're a bit behind the point you should be at for your major.
Hello! What can I help you with today?
Have you also looked at 470?
It says here that you have taken the Algorithms class, EECS 477.
Those include 373 and 470
441 and 493 seem to have a heavier workload than 547.
Math116 is useful and will enable you to enroll in other advanced math courses.
You're welcome.
Certainly, you can minor in EECS. I reckon you could take EECS 281 next semester.
How heavy or light of a workload would you prefer next semester?
Okay. As far as applied classes I'd suggest EECS494 Computer Game Design and Development.
my pleasure thank you.
Yes, the two classes aren't too difficult. Relative to 281 they are quite a bit simpler
what can I do you for today?
Your academic records prove it should not be a problem.
I have to say our system is being finicky right now, but it's a relatively popular class so there should be multiple sections available.
Did you enjoy EECS 370?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Goodbye! And thanks for coming!
I suggest you take EECS 545.
Some options in this course have credits between ten and thirteen.
Is there anything I can help you with
Do you need to ask another question?
We have a class offered in OS, It is our introductory OS class EECS 482.
How did you like 484? Do you like database?
This course, named Data Structures and Algorithms, covers fundamental data structures and classic algorithms.
Sure, in comparison to 281 those two courses are a lot less challenging and not hard.
Do you find mobile apps interesting?
Of course
Is this what you are looking for major/minor wise?
Discrete Math is a pre-requirement for the CS major.
Another great course is EECS, which is reviewed at 4.13, and there is always EECS 183 reviewed as 3.63.
The heaviest workloads are consdiered to be 281 and students typically do not take more than 1 other EECS course alongside it.
That is fine. Feel free to consult me with any questions you may have. Best regards.
EECS588 is an Advanced computer and network security class
You would benefit most from waiting to take EECS489 until you've taken the prerequisite.
Are there any more questions?
Hi, how can I help you?
we are free to go
Why does 281 seem unappealing to you?
What classes are you most interested in?
Hello! How can I help you?
I'm happy I was able to help.
I suggest taking EECS 281 right away after you finish 280 and 203, since 281 will allow you to take most upper level classes
Hello, How can I come to your help?
The work for this course is more intense.
That class is a good fit for you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
For a more mathematical approach, you should take EECS545 during the Fall semester when the instructor will be a ECE professor.
If you're willing to work hard to knock out the prerequisites early, you could take EECS370, EECS376, and EECS281, but it'll be pretty hard.
You will not find computer science hard to do if you want to do it.
Is EECS281 one of your past courses?
An easy class is EECS370, if you are looking.
You are welcome
Almost everyone takes EECS 281 after EECS 280
Are you interested in Machine Learning?
Anything in addition?
A rating of 3 was assigned to Machine Learning, based on a scale from 1-5, showing the level of easyness.
A fairly easy rated example is EECS484.
Hello! How are you!
Is there anything I can help you with?
No, you are great!
The advanced database systems course is 584.
Sure! How many courses are you planning to take?
The size of the class is about 55.
You will benefit taking this course with any specialization you choose.
Some students take EECS281 after they take that one.
Hope You are fine?
EECS 203 would be a class available to you.
EECS 494 would be good for you to take because of your interest in game development and your need for an MDE.
Do you want to register for these courses?
Hi pupil.
You're welcome!
Looks like you have taken EECS281.  Are there any field of CS that interest you?
The professors in CSE and ECE rotate every semester teaching EECS 442.
Student must attend EECS 280 before they can take EECS 370.
If you're interested in software development, this course will be a lot more helpful for you.
The easiest of those classes is EECS 481.
Either EECS 484 or 485 are courses I think you should take.
Sounds good. What are your interested topics?
For Software Dev, EECS381 might be a good fit
If you're concerned about total workload, EECS 183 and 280 are introductory and aren't too bad, but 370, 376, and 485 are upper level classes with a lot more work.
3.67 is the easiness rating for it
EECS 482 is a recommended class for you, it's helpfulness rating 4.07 and easiness rating of 2.17.
EECS280 is another course you might enjoy.
What topics intrigue you?
Is software creation your main area of intrigue?
I have all of the pre-requisites
Excellent. Enjoy your day.
CSE is a major that requires a lot of credits, so you will need to plan early enough if you want to double major or something
Definitely! The class instructs students in using systems for the purpose of managing databases

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 166:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately both 280 and 281 can't be taken by you in the same semester.

C. options-for-next:
Tell me what you're confused about
No problem
Great, do you have any more questions I can help you with?
Welcome student
If you're looking for a great security class, I recommend EECS 388, introduction to security
Next semester, how many classes are you planning on taking?
As far as other questions, do you have any?
That isn't a good idea.  Those 4 classes are know for being lots of I work.  I would recommend taking them in separate semesters
The semester will be extremely busy taking two courses.
If you have software development as an interest, I recommend you take EECS481 Software Engineering.
Minoring in EECS is possible and I'd say to sign up for EECS 281 next semester.
Ok! Intro to AI is my choice!  I am happy we got to speak!
3 credits is how much it's worth
I would like to know your interests. Can you tell that?
Very well, good day.
May I offer any assistance?
Hello, what's your purpose here?
You're welcome, I hope all your questions were answered.
EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence has similar class size and easiness rating.
In what are you interested?
What classroom volume is acceptable for you?
There are some more math-intense courses, like Intro to Algorithms and Matrix Methods.
EECS 485 is a great class for learning web dev. It goes over a lot of the basics and you make web apps with flask.
Therefore, it is my firm recommendation that you should enroll in this course next semester.
595 is popular with students interested in Linguistics.
Yes. Is anything worrying you?
Hi Courtney!
If you don't have any programming experience, EECS 183 may be difficult.
I suggest that you take EECS 485 because it involves web technology
Taking EECS 281 first is important because it's the fundamental course for all computer science courses.
I assume you have some experience on data systems since you have taken database course 484.
No, you are great!
If you want an easier web course, I suggest you take EECS 493
What are you interested in?
Class starts at 15:00, and ends at 16:30.
All the classes have similar class sizes, but EECS 481 is the biggest.
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately both 280 and 281 can't be taken by you in the same semester.
Since you seem to have interest in Latin, do you want to pursue non-computing subjects while at Michigan?
EECS 281 regards 2.53.
EECS280 is Programming and Introductory Data Structures
No Issues
Since you enjoyed it, I would also recommend EECS280.
How can I help you today?
May I help you with something?
This course also has a light workload and is offered in the late afternoon
It looks like you have a very good background in computer science as of now. Do you have any interest in learning about threading?
Data Structures and Algorithms might be best.
Also, concerning computer games, there are courses like artificial intelligence.
Yes, please wait a minute.
haha, I know these class are hard. So which one do you like more, software development or hardward
Are you interested in that course?
Many people who take EECS 281 don't take another EECS course because of the workload and it is a difficult course.
I'm curious what about those subjects do you like?
Hello! What can I do for you?
I also suggest EECS 441. Since you took MDE and if you enjoyed it, another good option may be EECS 441.
As a sophomore, that kind of course is a bit difficult
You may choose computational theory, database management, artificial intelligence, circuit synthesis, computer vision or cryptography, as well as some other choices.
I have some options available, but there are too many to list. Can you give me more details about what you're looking for so I may narrow it down?
See you next time
Beware of taking it unless you think you're ready.
Hduhaime, cheers!
i woul recommend taking EECS280 after looking at your coursework
You learn hardware architecture and design in EECS 370.
Due to your interests, you should take EECS595 as the gradate level course.
When 482 is paired with other EECS classes can very difficult but generally most students find it comfortable with humanities class.
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
I am glad that you could be helped by me.
That's great, do you have any programming experience?
How experienced are you with Artificial Intelligence?
EECS281 and EECS370 are highly recommended.
I wouldn't recommend the course because it has a Linear Algebra prerequisite you haven't taken. Maybe you should take MATH 217 instead.
Hello. Let's get you signed up for classes.
The course usually has about 40 people and it's 4 credits.
The rating of helpfulness of EECS 481 is 3.38.
I think you should select mobile app development, EECS 441.
Enough, but there is no big project due at the end of the semester.
You should consider EECS 370, an Introduction to Computer Organization.
I Feel retained the concepts
Hello, is there something I can help you with?
Good! How can I help you today?
Let me think for a while.
I would suggest, given your background, you take EECS281, data structures and algorithms.
The special topics class that's being offered now sounds interesting!
If you do take EECS 478, I would not suggest another hardware-based course
It appears that engineering is what you are preparing for
This is Michael John
2.23 is how easy this class is.
But it has a large class
What CS upper level credits have you reached?
Yeah, but it's pretty helpful and also a requirement for Upper Levels.
Taking this course will be good for whatever major you pick.
EECS281 and EES280's workload is similar, but most students think EECS370 is more difficult.
493 would be a lighter intensity, if you are concerned about balancing your schedule
It looks like you're interested in Computer Science. Do you think you'll want to take a harder or easier class in computer science next semester?
What do you think about the 300 level courses?
485 might be great, but it is hard.
Do you want to drop anything else?
What are you interested in for Technical Electives?
ok in that case, i recommend 478, it has easiness score of 2, and class size of 51
eecs485 is a course on databases related to web apps

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 167:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
If you have a good idea of probability and combinations it should be manageable

C. options-for-next:
You may wanna take 565 or 560 because you are interested in math.
Hi! Yes you can take EECS 478 (Logic Circuit Synthesis and Optimization) which is a relatively medium course.
What has been your most useful class in the EECS department so far?
Hello Akash here
There exists a course offered in Theory of Neural Computation, EECS 643
Are you curious about taking 281 this semester?
Why did you come here today?
I would suggest 495 is you like web design.
I would recommend finishing 281 and 370 before getting into upper levels like EECS 475
128 is the average size of this class.
sup meng!
What can I help you with today?
With respect to the data, the professors generally lecture pretty well.
What classroom volume is acceptable for you?
If you have a good idea of probability and combinations it should be manageable
Hey there!
It would be beneficial to take EECS 281 as it is a common requirement for higher level CE electives.
No problem, don't mention it.
What would you like to do next?
Any other question?
492 is about Introduction to Artificial Intelligence and 442 is Computer Vision
Not likely.
If you want Web Databases then you should take 485, that would be prefect for you.
No problem.
You should drop something else if you want to take 549
I see you completed all the prerequisites for CS.
You are very welcome, see ya!
Why have you come to advising today?
Do you have any particular course choices in mind?
Hello, how may I help you today?
Terrific! Wishing you the best of luck with your studies next semester!
EECS 183 and EECS 280 are introductory level so the work load isn't that bad, EECS 370, EECS 376, and EECS 485 are all upper level and the workload is much heavier.
He is very helpful, that is how he has been rated.
Are you interested in computer science classes?
Given your interest in web technology and your desire for a lower workload I suggest that you take EECS 484
I would suggest database management Systems.
Yes, I'm still present. My suggestion is to take EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems.
I suggest you choose a single major if you want to graduate in 3 years.
Wonderful! Hope you enjoy 373!
The course is one of the most helpful in the hardware area.
One suggestion is taking Discrete Math.
What assistance can I provide you with?
What kinds of things interest you?
Professor Chesney who teaches 280 is both the most helpful and most clear. Though 203, which is taught by Professor Dorf, is a close runner up.
With regards to the course you want to take, are there any other preferences?
You are accepted.
Are you looking for an easier class to take with these ones?
Before you take upper level courses like EECS 475, you should take EECS370 and EECS281.
445 is easier if you take instead.
You should think about taking EECS 280 next semester.
You will be allowed to take a lot of 400 Level EECS classes, after you take EECS 281.
What are you interested in?
Chances are you will do well.
Hello, I'm fine. How are you?
Mondays from 3-4:30 pm
the teacher is Clayton D Scott.  Do you have any idea who that is?
Good luck with your studies
The subject is basic algorithms and data structures.
Sure. It would be a good idea to take EECS370 to help meet your requirements.
Hi Stein! What do you want to talk about today??
Not a problem.
EECS280 is about Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
Because the rating of helpfulness is 4.07 it's considered high.
EECS 484 is a course that's good for learning database
hi
if you're into hardware, I think you'd enjoy Microcomputer stuff, even though it's more challenging than simple programming
I recommend that you take this class based on your preferences.
Ecs 183 most likely should be taken before eecs 280.
You might like EECS370 Introduction to Computer Organization, and EECS281 Data Structures and Algorithms. They are all core courses.
Hi Max, what are you looking for?
I learned in ENGR 101
Greetings! How can I help you out today?
The basic course for computer scientist is 281.
It would be pretty hard to pair 376 or 370 with 281,  but it depends on what you think you are capable of handling.
This class is neither too hard nor too easy.
Would you like to know more?
was there any questions?
Hello
You might over-extend yourself by taking another EECS course combined with 381.
It looks like you still need to take a few required classes, EECS 376, 281, and 370.
You have to take EECS 370, EECS 281, and EECS 376 before you can graduate.
You should consider EECS 370, an Introduction to Computer Organization.
Which one is your favorite? Introduction to computer Organization or Computer architecture?
He is David R Chesney
So unless you are comfortable with working through an upper level course more independently, I would recommend sticking to taking just EECS 281 and 370.
You need to program more, but they are not very heavy.
Do you have any other questions?
Everything is okay with me.
don't you think you've forgotten most of what you learned coding?
An AI class exists.
The easiness of this class is 2.23.
What classes have you taken for EECS?
What can I help
You can not take EECS 281 until you take EECS 280 and EECS 203.
Alright, good luck next semester!
370 and 281 are both very helpful.
It would be best to do EECS 376 and EECS of the core intitally.
Electronic Commerce being easy and interesting, I suggest you to take it
If you would like taking two EECS classes next semester, 281 can be taken with 370
This class is offered in the afternoon and has nearly 100 students

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 168:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.

C. options-for-next:
556 is what you need to take.
I think you should select mobile app development, EECS 441.
Are you interested in learning more regarding operating systems?
For a beginning course, I would suggest EECS 376.
In this class you'll learn about turing machines
Hi!  What type of help are you looking for?
Awesome, did you take eecs 280 or eecs 281?
being helpful creates happiness
Wonderful! Please love the rest of the semester.
Is there something I can help you with?
since you are a CSE major, you won't need to take EECS 183, since you've already taken ENG100
A good choice for you would be 484.
EECS280 does not cover the Python language but EECS183 covers two languages, including Python.
Consider dropping other courses so that you can focus on these two.
For sophomores, I strongly suggest taking EECS281.
What are you interested in?
Keeping track of the matrix sizes is what linear algebra is mostly all about.
It would be your MDE
I help you today
Hello Stein! What's on your mind today?
Are you sure you can take on both in the same semester?
Hello Kangxu, how can I help you
A lot of students will find this to be somewhat hard.
If you are interested, you should explore elementary or advanced  CS courses.
We can probably still work something out. Would you say you're more focused in the theoretical, mathematical side of things, or more into practical application?
EECS 376 is very similar to EECS 203 and can be considered a follow up course
A lot of students think 203 is harder than 280 even though 280 is project based and 203 isn't.
I think EECS 203 should come next.
EECS 370, Introduction to Computer Organization, will be too difficult for you, given your background and preferences.
Let me look for some 400 level classes for you.
Fine! What courses are you looking at?
Greetings. How can I help you? I am the advisor for you.
The computation theory intro class includes such topics as computational complexity, turing  machines, recursive languages/functions, context-free languages, pushdown automata, regular languages and finite automata.
Stefan, good evening.
You have many available options.
You should take all the core classes like EECS376, 281, and 370.
Hmmm... well, I'd say that many people Databases (484) to be a good basic course which has applications in many fields of CS.
Got it.
Do you like data systems?
What can I help you with today?
I believe the workload is high.
I would recommend EECS 381 or EECS 482 as they are project based and very informative.
I would suggest EECS477 if that's your area of interest.
Would you like to continue taking upper level CE classes as you've previously done?
A good class, I think, would be EECS 376 Foundations of Computer Science.
Howdy, So nice to know you are curious and eager to know about the database.
So you are especially interested in hardware?
You cannot graduate before taking EECS 281
What topic are you interested in?
What year are you?
Each has a medium workload
About one hundred
What do you plan to take next semester?
How can I help you?
Can I be of help?
Yes, if you want to do an EECS minor or EECS major.
Well then I will suggest that you take these classes, good job Stein!!
You can take eecs 183, eecs 203, and stats 250 next semester.
you need only one more as you have taken  three upper electives.
It is a hard course, but it is very useful
Why is that?  Is your course load looking too busy next semester?
I sugges you take 556
Do you have an interest in computer networking?
EECS 493 is a low-medium workload, while EECS 485 is medium-high
The easiness rating of this course is 2
Electronic Commerce is EECS547 and Introduction to Cryptography is EECS475.
You could choose EECS 493
You could take 376 to graduate, or you also have 482, 373, or 485 as options.
That works for me. Now I'm gonna go to my next appointment
Sounds great. You can do EECS475 Intro To Cryptography.
You might be interested in EECS 373, Design of Microprocessor Based Systems, and EECS 470, Computer Architecture
The one which is well liked and is not too code-heavy is 486.
Hello Kescher, I would be happy to help you
What is your favorite subject?
I see that you've already completed ENGR 151, so you're off to a good start.
Which times during the day will you be available?
You are eligible for a quite a lot of classes.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
For graduation you'll need all three of these classes.
You are welcome!
When did you become interested in data analysis?
It's User Interface Development taken by Professor Ackerman
You should probably take EECS482, then.
I am wondering if the workload is too much for the semester.
What would you need the transfer credit for? You already took 281.
Is EECS 203 a class I should take?
What areas of study are you interested in?
I would not recommend taking more than two eecs courses a term
I recommend EECS545 for you but the class meets mornings.
Most students who have taken both together say that they support each other well.
On an average day there are about 128 in this class
I see that you have taken EECS281.  What field of CS is appealing to you?
Are you affected in web development then?
Hello! What can i help you with?
Good luck with your study.
My schedule isn't showing the times, but there's generally mutiple sections.
Usually, the core class for interviews is 281.
If 482 is of interest to you, then 484 might be a good fit as well.
I believe with your resume, EECS 494 Game Design and Development would be the best course for you to take.
Out of those classes, EECS 381 is the hardest.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 169:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
What exactly are your require preferences?

C. options-for-next:
Does this class interest you?
Compared to other EECS classes, EECS 445 is definitely very math-heavy, as it is an Introduction to Machine Learning.
The one I was interested in is EECS 270, it helps with the classes I want later on.
It has easiness rating of 2.5
That's great, is there anything else you need?
In that situation, I would choose EECS482.
Hi! What can I do for you today?
Do you require additional help?
Warning EECS 381 is known to be a tough class, according to the ratings.
Welcome, what can I do for you today?
Start with EECS 218 because it is the main course in computer science.
Of course. See you later!
What field do you find most interesting in computer science?
You need to complete several core classes before you can take the computer hardware classes.
Good-bye!
Do you want to take more EECS classes?
Sorry, I can only provide feedback on EECS classes.
What is your birth name?
Yes, you can take EECS 492 Intro to Artificial Intelligence or EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems, which have larger class sizes.
No, not this next semester. It is required you take EECS 281 before you can take EECS 388 and EECS 485
Programming and Intro to Data Structures, which has a helpfulness rating of 4.13/5, is a fine option. This is because it will give you a background in data, which you'll work with during your career.
Usually, there's 99.6 people in that course.
Yeah, it is quite possible to take some of those classes in the morning but you will now be able to take all of them first thing in the morning
It's a good idea to get your core courses, EECS 376 and EECS 370, done first
That's EECS 492.
Combining these two task would be a reasonable workload
I would be happy to help you and hello there.
I hope you will find it helpful!
You can take EECS370, EECS376, etc
You’re welcome
are you  interested in  specific area
I don't believe you can graduate until your MDE requirement is fulfilled.
I assume that you have planned for next semester!
did you think of any class?
Thats alright, have a good one.
Awesome, are you interested in graphics or algorithms?
Hi, How can I help you?
Hey there! Im doing very well, thank you for asking, and yourself?
Does that sound interesting to you?
Next semester, how many classes are you planning on taking?
Can I help you with anything else?
That is some cutting-edge techniques they are using for the design
I would recommend taking EECS 484, EECS 370 and 376.
I think you should take a lower level humanities or social science.
The easiness for this course is 2.23 so I believe you will handle it with ease.
I mean, what kind of track in comp sc are you interested in?
We can probably still work something out. Would you say you're more focused in the theoretical, mathematical side of things, or more into practical application?
Have a great day.
The workload is too tough.. You can choose to take two of these courses..
My mistake it's 183 with Professor Dorf.
Do you think you found EECS280 hard?
Most students find EECS477 challenging.
Another class you can take is 473, as your MDE, if you enjoy it.
Tell me what topic you are interested in.
This course work load is heavy.  There is weekly homework with many smaller projects and a larger group project for a 281 total.
493 would be less work, if you are worried about having a balanced schedule.
Good morning, what can I do for you?
hello with what can i help you
Hi, I'm glad that you are interested in database
Which topics do you want to have?
Take an easier elective class while taking EECS 280 and 203.
Hello, what brings you to here today?
You are off to a good start since you have already taken these two classes.
I see that you haven't take EECS 281 yet.
Though I see you'll use SQL in 484 I don't have information on a specific programming language you'll need to know for 494
Considering your interest, I also suggest to read syllabus of EECS485 (Web Database and Information Systems).
To lighten your workload, save the electives for your senior year, and take only EECS 370 next semester.
That is a great choice!
Hello Kevin! How may i help you today?
There are more commonly known ideas relate to computers.
Wow! Thats alot of classes to take at once. Have you considered taking an upper level cs class?
Is there anything else?  Awesome!
Since you've already selected some relatively average classes you could manage.
Its possible to take 376 with 381.
Were the courses more on the easy side or the difficult side?
You may need to take a fundamental econ course in advance , according to your background.
280, 203, and 183 would all be excellent courses for you to take, based on your previous courses and major.
Have a good day.
Do you have any more questions that need answered?
3 credits is how much it's worth
I suggest EECS 493. It has the lightest workload of all the EECS classes.
If you enjoyed that class, computer science is a very popular major!
What information were you looking for?
Greetings. Are you in need of any advice today?
Hello, my son. How can I help you today?
The two courses do not have to be taken concurrently.
We can get you in classes soon!
Between AI and databases, which do you prefer?
you should take EECS 493, it is an easier web course
EECS 441 is that class about developing apps.
If you want to take EECS 270, that may be a suggestion. It doesn't count as CS elective course, but it is a prerequisite for EECS 470
There are usually 128 in this class
If you want to take both eecs 280and eecs203, I suggest you take the rest of your classes lighter.
It will be in the afternoon.
Do you also have an interest in software development?
It is not very difficult class. It's average.
My pleasure! It was fun to talk.
Its taught by Yaoyun Shi. A useful teacher!.
What exactly are your require preferences?
Hi! What can I assist you with today?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 170:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.

C. options-for-next:
If EECS 281 is one of your classes, keep the heavy workload in mind.
EECS370, EECS281 and EECS376.
Do you have any more questions?
AI has a very important course,EECS445.
Yes. That professor also works with Professor Rada in semantic understanding and general action recognition.
What classes are you specifically looking to take?
How are you with managing your time? If you can take higher workload then you can go for 370 and 376.
It would be a good idea to take EECS 280 and 203 the same semester.
It was my pleasure.
I would like to tell you that I am sorry because you feel that way.
Should I take EECS 485, because that's Web Database and Information Systems.
Did you take ENGR 101?
Hi Stein! What do you want to talk about today??
1.91 is the easiness rating of EECS 376.
3 would still be required to complete 3 major requirements
When it comes to MDEs, do you have a preference?
I suggest you take EECS492: Artificial Intelligence.
Should you let me know if you have any preference?
It's at 9:30 on MWF
Yeah so EECS 381 focuses on C/C++ by going very in depth with OOPS and hence is notoriously known as the most difficult EECS course
I suggest taking EECS484
Ok, are you satisfied with your CS major?
Hello, student!
You will need them too so you can have upper level classes.
Given how you only took ENGR101 that won't happen.
Can I help with anything else?
What class would you want to choose between eecs280 or eecs203?
So this would help you do well in 280, Programming and Introductory Data Structures.
Do you have any other questions?
How about Software Engineering, EECS 481?
Sounds good. See you later.
Is there anything else that you need help with?
You should take 280 soon if you are not sure about specific fields.
EECS is very math heavy course
Let me know how many courses you think you're going to take.
Alright, and are you looking for an upper level elective? Or a senior design course?
Check out EECS478.
Unfortunately the time for the class has not been decided yet.
No big deal!
Hello, how is it going?
Are there any more questions you have?
99.6 is the size of the EECS482 class.
EECS 281 forms the start for many courses . Do you prefer high level or low level programming?
You need to take EECS370 still with 4 upper level courses. As well as a capstone
Do you want to ask anymore questions?
EECS 203,280, and 28l, you have taken thme correct?
What can i help you with today?
Hello! How might I assist you?
The rating of its helpfulness is 3.79.
Student feedback has shown that this course is a 1/5 in terms of coursework. As for the conceptual difficulty, it is hard
Is there a class with average difficulty?
Are you thinking to register for any other EECS course?
Could you elaborate on the difficulty of the classes you enjoy taking?
This course work load is heavy.  There is weekly homework with many smaller projects and a larger group project for a 281 total.
Hello Qijun, are you currently a sophomore?
Are EECS 543 knowledge-based systems an option?
For your background, it is a good fit.
Do you love EECS492 AI?
The course is on circuits.
EECS 482 is a recommended class for you. Helpfulness rating 4.07, easiness rating 2.17.
He is both good and helpful
What is your year?
Do you have any other selection criteria?
It seems you still need to take a few required classes, EECS 376, 281, and 370.
There really isn't so I'm going to say "no".
Sorry, I meant EECS 376 and EECS 370.
Yes, only those two are doable.  You can also sign up for another easy one if you're up for it
If your plan is to take Machine Learning, I suggest easier classes like Software Engineering or Web Databases.
For most Eecs classes Eecs 203 is a prerequisite. You should take it.
A course with one of the lowest ratings among all the undergraduate courses, 2.1 was found to be very hard by many students.
376 and 492 are not as programming-based as many other EECS classes, so project deadlines should not be a problem.
Are you doing well today?
It is a class requirement EECS 376, you need it for your degree.
Hello! Can I help you with something?
You might be interested in EECS 373, Design of Microprocessor Based Systems, and EECS 470, Computer Architecture
I can't say.
Which would you prefer to learn - a more solid coding skill or you want to learn something about machine learning?
I'd suggest taking the 482 Intro to Operating Systems course.
EECS 281 class size average is roughly 85, while EECS 376's is just 45.
This course is required by some companies in order to find an internship.
I assume you already have data sys experience since you've taken 484, you know that it's a database course
After checking your preference of clarity, EECS 481 would be recommended for you
The course will alternate its professors between the CSE and ECE department, but I know Jia Deng is a good professor.
EECS 545 has class from 10:30am to 12
Yes I suggest that you take an LSA course because that will give you a good break from CS I heard dance 101 is a great class
Do you need help with any other items?
Is EECS484 and EECS492 the same class?
It would be my suggestion to you to take a humanities or a language course.
Okay, I am accessing your transcript.
281 covers the fundamental topics that might turn up in an interview, and also integrates practice projects that will let you apply your knowledge of data structures and algorithms.
Understanding how the web works is covered in EECS 485 and database and memory is covered in 484.  When taken together, it's found that it can be helpful, even though it is a time management issue for some people, as project deadlines line up at the same times.  Usually students use what they learn in these classes for their other classes.
Hi, how are you doing Rui?
see you later
Yes, to start you could enroll in EECS 381, Object Oriented and Advanced Programming.
Between EECS 281 and EECS 370, EECS 281 people may rate 281 more demanding
Meeting you was nice.
It's David R Chesney
hi! do you need any help deciding on classes?
I am sorry that I only advise for EECS classes.
Can you tell me about the type of class you're looking for?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 171:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 280 I should a prerequisite for most computer science classes, including game design

C. options-for-next:
EECS370 is an introductory overview of how computers execute programs.
The more helpful of the two is EECS370.
As shown in worload survey, difficulty between EECS 481 and EECS 485 is pretty much the same.
you're welcome, have a good day!
Is there anything I can do to help you at this moment?
You may take up to 18 credits if you choose.
I don't think that would be effective because you will not be able to balance time between those three classe
The course EECS481 averages 63.71.
Previous students rate EECS as a moderate workload class.   It would be smart to take EECS289 with EECS 203.   Both are prereqs for EECS 281, you will need to take this class to become a CS major.
Hello, what can I do to help today?
Would you like to sign up for additional EECS courses?
This class is offered in the afternoon and has nearly 100 students
You're most welcome
Take those in separate semesters, I suggest.
Are you interested in any other areas of computer science?
Professor Chesney who runs 280 is both the most helpful and most clear. Though 203, which is taught by Professor Dorf, is a close runner up.
Last semester, did you take them simultaneously?
You can check out many options.
I would recommend you take EECS484 because of your specific situation.
Any question about this course?
eecs 203 is necessary.
EECS477 has a medium workload.
https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/computer-science/16_17_cs_eng.pdf contains all the necessary things for the major.
What do you want to study?
There are usually 128 in this class
How many courses are you thinking of taking?
Hello, what are you up to?
May I help you with anything?
I don't think it is a problem.
It is a difficult course especially since it doesn't have a lab or discussion session.
370 usually has a couple of sections, since it's a requirement.
This term, it is only M/W unfortunately.
Along with this course you could get between 10-13 credits in addition.
To fulfill your requirements, I strongly suggest you take the EECS classes.
These courses will teach about the layered structure of a computer.
Seeing as you are just a freshman and also new to the major there are a few pre major courses you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
Good luck with the next semester.
The ULCS requirements are not satisfied by EECS 545, so you should not.
Are you willing to take any more relatively hard classes next semester?
EECS 373 is an easier class if thats what you're looking for
What is the number of programming courses you are thinking of taking?
In my opinion that would be efficient as you will not be able to balance time between those three classes
If you want a big class, you should check out 281.
Hi Varsha! What's up with you today? What can I help you with?
Hey, what can I do for you?
Some students take EECS281 after they take that one.
This next semester, I would take EECS281.
Feel free to take all three if you think you can handle the workload.
For the next semester its available.
Have a nice day!
Bye. You too.
Not a problem! Have a nice day!
It's not really a big class when compared to other EECS Classes.
From my records, they both have pretty large clarity ratings.
Hello,  is there anything I can do for you?
EECS 203 is a good introduction to EECS 376.
There are upper level classes you could take in the software development field
To further improve your knowledge of how computers work, EECS 376 is a good choice.
The classes focuses on digital logical design in both hardware and software microcomputer interfacing.
Were you referring to this being practical?
I'm glad I could assist you. Adios!
Wow you're lucky!
EECS582 rating for easiness is NA.
I'll have to get back to you, I don't know about the flextech requirement
I suggest you take both.
EECS 280 does not directly cover web technology and applications, but it will teach you the basics needed for these types of skills. Have a good day.
It would be fine to take three courses out of these options, giving your background.
Is there anything you need help with today?
how can i help?
You're welcome, it was my pleasure.
Have you considered taking any particular upper level CS courses?
Would you like me to explain more on either of those classes?
You may wanna take 565 or 560 because you are interested in math.
Hello, what may I help you with
David R Chesney
Well have a good day!
81.4 people on avg
EECS 370 and EECS 281 of the upper level classes are required that people find interesting, so to start taking more higher level, it is suggested of these two. Rather, EECS 376 and EECS 281 offer a lighter workload.
I see here in your file that you haven't finished 281 or 376 yet.
Considering your interest on web app application, I think you might also want to consider EECS 441: Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs. This course will also involve UI interface, and will be helpful for you to find jobs. It is in the afternoon, from 3:00 pm to 4:30 pm.
You'll be fine for that because you have all of the pre-requisites for it.
Meeting you was a pleasure.
EECS 281 is bigger, 81.4
Eecs 280 I should a prerequisite for most computer science classes, including game design
Well, my boy, EECS183 will have to be taken before other options are available to you.
I believe EECS183 to be a good resource course.
Ok! I suggest Eecs 481, if you're interested in being part of a semester long project where you interact with a real world customer.
You still have 3 core classes left according to your enrollment record.
You're welcome any time.
I'd say that EECS281 on its own is about the difficulty of EECS280 and EECS203. EECS370 is about as hard as EECS370.
Join the Michigan Data Science Team but also follow Deng on facebook.
Judging from the courses you've already taken, I think you need a math class instead of more philosophy courses.
The purpose of this course is to learn about theory and application of matrix methods to signal processing, data analysis and machine learning
The 493 course does not have much load.
Can I get you information on one of them?
You can one or both of the EECS 203 and 280 classes
Great! Have a good day!
Fundamental concepts and skills of programming in a high-level language.
I'd describe it as difficult.
Are you going to take any 300 level courses?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 172:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript

C. options-for-next:
It is my strong suggestion that you take EECS370 and EECS376.
How much interest do you have in use interface development?
The professor for Cryptography, Kevin Fu, is great, and has a high clarity and helpful rating.
Based on workload both classes are about the same.
Based on your interest, 484 will also be a good course for you
It's a relatively popular class so there should be multiple sections available, but our system is being a bit fussy right now.
May I offer any assistance?
This class is 4 credits.
"Foundations of Computer Science" is the title of EECS 376
EECS courses are useful in many other areas even if you don't want to major in EECS.
Can you also decide on a cs elective as well?
Hello student
It's been my pleasure, goodbye!
EECS 493 is User Interface Development, EECS 481 is Software Engineering, and EECS 484 is Database Management Systems. These classes are typically considered average in workload
Which major are do you plan to pursue?
Hi, how can I help you today?
Do you have any particular interests ?
That is wonderful! Have a great rest of your day.
If your a sophomore you should take both classes if you want to take EECS 281 soon.
EECS 481 and EECS 441 are senior classes so I do not recommend taking them.
Are you interested in EECS classes next semester?
Farewell
Though there are generally several sections of each, so you must be able to pick one that works for you.
You can take a lower level humanities or social science.
Do you enjoy cryptography?
EECS 381 (Object Oriented and Advanced Programming) is easy, while EECS 494 (Computer Game Design and Development) is moderately hard. But both classes have an extremely heavy workload
The curriculum of EECS 442 is computer vision.
Choose something you want to do instead.
If you'd like a semester where you are challenged and learn a lot, you can do EECS 482 at 4:30pm. It has a reputation for being a hard CS class, but you'll learn a lot and it's very helpful.
I do not believe EECS 477 is offered next semester.
You should start on EECS203, its better to start there.
Can your interests be told to me?
What can I help you with today?
Well, if you are talking about EECS classes then EECS 445, Introduction to Machine Learning is very math-heavy.
Does data systems interest you at all?
EECS 281 will suit you fine for your junior year.
What can i do for you today?
Hello pupil
Hello, how are you today?
Do you have any thing else to ask?
After you complete those classes you will need to pass EECS 370, 281, and 376 next.
With the background that you have, you can take three courses out of these options.
Hi, can I help you?
Even with EECS 478's difficulty rating of 2, it may fit your requirements.
What else do can I assist you with?
50 is typically the course size.
Software Engineering - EECS481 is another option.
I'd advise EECS 281 data structures in algorythm.
Enjoy your day.
What do you want?
Sure. What genre of classes are you interested in?
sorry my mistake
So far, i don't have the time information. The size of the class is small which good for you to learn.This course is a project- based one, so you will have a chance to develop from the very beginning an APP. As far as i am concerned, the a lot of students enjoy the courses.
Seniors entering the job market should look into EECS482 - Introduction to Operating Systems since it teaches what would be tested in that area for interviews.
Also, you might take a look at a more web-focused course, such as EECS485
Welcome! You're good luck.
I think your workload would be easier if you took 370 and 3 other non-EECS courses only if the non-EECS classes have low workloads
Your history proves it should be easy for you.
But it's in the morning.
yes?
To take this course, it is advisable to drop other courses with similar difficulty.
Can I help you pleas boy?
Pragmatic aspects of the production of software systems, dealing with structuring principles, design methodologies and informal analysis are some of the many topics EECS 481 covers.
That is for sure not true.
A difficult class would you like to take?
You are welcome
EECS 482 is pretty tough, but helpful if you take the time to do the work.
What other questions do you have?
Varasha how are you, great to see you!
I recommend taking EECS484 Database Management Systems, based on your preferences.
By the way, how did you like course ENGR101?
Both of the classes are large, 128.5 students for EECS 485, and 129.1 for EECS 484.
Hello, may I help you with something today?
"Elementary Programming Concepts" is a fairly easy course.
Is there one topic that interests you?
Judging from your background, you seem able to handle multiple advanced classes simultaneously
EECS381 is said to be taught is a clear manner.
is my answer to your question satisfactory?
Awesome, anything else?
However, the hardware class is only offered during the morning session.
In this class you'll learn about turing machines
What size of class do you prefer?
EECS 281 is similar and it is great because the classes are in the morning.
I think you need to visit their advising office.
Great that is very advanced. If you enjoyed Econ 101 then you might like Econ 102.
Well you still have a few category required for commencement
your very much welcome
EECS183 has a score of 3.42/5, which means moderately difficult.
Any interest in computer software?
Given your preferences, I would suggest EECS 481 for Software Development.
The OOP course which has a very heavy courseload but will improve your coding skills a lot is EECS 381.
Do you require additional CS upper level credits?
Hello! What can I do for you?
Are you used to taking difficult courses, taking all four may be too hard
Hello, is there anything I can help you with today?
Let me see. Give me a minute to go over your transcript
May I help you today?
Nice of you to stop in today. What can we help you with?
You appear to have all other general engineering requirements.
It's great to hear that.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 173:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.

C. options-for-next:
How are you today?
Foundations of Computer Science is course EECS376.
How can I help you?  I am your advisor.
The Easiness rating is: 2.53 for EECS281
Eecs 493 is for users to interface with, while EEcs 487 is used for interactive computer graphics.
What can I help you with?
What subjects interest you?
It's about basic programming techniques and algorithm.
Hi. How are you today?
Hey Max, Can I help you with anything?
You're welcome
The two topics covered in 570 and 582 are Parallel Computer Architecture, and Advanced Operating Systems.
They do fit your criteria, these classes, because they have respective averages of 84 and 92 lecture sizes, and there are many different times the classes are held.
Hi. What can I help you with today?
You could take EECS 370 before more upper level courses.
Hello
Of the three classes, EECS 481 is the biggest. It is about 40-60 (students), though all three are about the same size.
The teacher for it is Peter Honeyman
Yeah so EECS 381 is notoriously known as the most difficult EECS course and it focuses on C/C++ by going very in depth with object oriented programming.
Then I would suggest looking into electrical engineering and computer engineering as well!
Do you have another question?
Best of luck for your study.
Of course!
I prefer 478, it has easiness of 2 and class size of 51.
To complete your MDE, you have to finish Tech Com 497 with EECS 496: Professionalism and Development. You must then select one design class. Your options include EECS 481: Software Engineering, EECS 441: App Development, EECS 494: Game development, or EECS 470.
Understood. Which sort of classes intrigue you?
Complete course numbers  EECS 376 and EECS 370 first.
Could you tell me more about the difficulty level of the classes you like to take?
Hi there, I am your advisor. What can I do for you?
Good. That is one of my strengths.
I'm very happy that you asked this question! EECS 481 is Software Engineering and EECS 477 is Algorithms.
A breadth course is either a humanities course or other general credits that will not give you BS credits.
Eecs 281 is required but you cannot take eecs 280 at the same time.
No trouble!
Yes, it's a higher level cs course.
281 would be a good next choice since I see you took 280.
Both of the professors have clear instructions and are helpful.
OK. Although EECS 281 is in the morning at 10:30 am, you might want to enroll for this class rather than EECS 376.
Hi!
What can I do for you today?
From the programming courses that you have taken so far, what did you enjoy the most?
Do you have any interest for this course?
Based on your previous experience, I recommend EECS484
Definitely it is not easy.
Yes 376 and 442 won't be too overwhelming and they are a good combination.
Very streneous is the work load for both of those classes.
Professors are really important.
If you are into it, I think that you should take machine Learning.
Yes, 478 will be taught by Professor Hayes.
I would recommend taking EECS 484, EECS 370 and 376.
Is there a subject that interests you?
What subjects are you interested in?
The classes you still need to take that are offered in the Winter semester are EECS 376, 281, and 370.
You're welcome.
Hi World!
It covers algorithms and basic programming techniques.
Ok then I think you should take 373.
The EECS481 Software Engineering, is recommended.
No problem, bye.
EECS 484 is pretty easy, but EECS 485 is a bit easier in terms of workload.
See you around. You too.
I see that ENGR101 is a class you have taken.
but it is quite helpful according to the feedback
After looking at your courses, I don't think there will be much trouble for you in completing them together.
No, the class is medium.
Hi!
You need to try Chem 211 still as well as some intellectual breadth courses.
That class is about Foundations of Computer Science
I would be careful with possibly biting off more than you can chew, especially if you are planning on doing 30 hours of research every week.
Hi, how are you doing?
484 is easier than the other, but both are moderately difficult.
Let's see. I it appears you still need to take EECS 281. In order to take upper level EECS electives, you'll need to complete that class.
Your schedule will be balanced better if you took stats 250 instead of physics 140.
EECS 441 is called "Mobile App Development for Entrepreneurs."
Goodbye
Ok, allow me to see your previous classes.
Yes, that would be fine!
Join EECS478 if you want to learn Logic Circuit Synthesis.
I suggest taking EECS 481 and EECS 492 based on your interest.
Taking 583 will let you know compiler.
Since they are more hands on, I would recommend smaller classrooms.
Which math courses have you taken?
What classes do you want?
Are you referring to 370 and 485?
Are you more interested in lower or higher level programming?
It looks like you're interested in Latin. Are there non-computing subjects you want to pursue at Michigan?
It is an average course for computer science
The three courses on your list have final projects and discussion sections.
I strongly suggest you take EECS470 if you are interested in computer hardware.
486 is appealing to many and does not contain difficult code.
What did you need assistance with today?
Excellent! Do you have any questions?
Based on your course history, I'd look into 281, 370, or 376 next
You do need to take EECS 376, it is required.
I'm sorry to say that I don't know when any class is held
Do you want to take more EECS classes?
Yeah. I would recommend that you try and take EECS 281 and EECS 376 together.
You will learn about basic data structures and basic algorithms, like recursive algorithm, greedy algorithms, etc.
Good call, but make sure that you're completing other mandatory courses.
As the first programming course, it is what most computer science majors will take.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 174:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?
280 is all project based and 203 is not, but don't let that fool you. Many students say 203 is harder than 280
Oh, wow.  Okay, so do you imagine that taking both of them in the same semester will be manageable?

B. options-for-correct-answers
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.

C. options-for-next:
Is that all there is?
eecs442 is centerd around comp. vision while eecs 482 is into to operating systems.
If you find yourself at all curious about AI, you should consider EECS492 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence.
If software development interests you then i would suggest taking EECS 481,Software Engineering.
After what you have taken before, you should take EECS376, EECS281, EECS478
It will take me a second to consider your options but thank you for your input.
It is EECS 281 and not EECS271, I didn't mean to meslead you.
Do you know what classes you want?
Because of your interests, I would suggest taking EECS 482 and EECS 492, but not in the same semester
I'm not sure but I he's probably great
Considering your preferences and major, I suggest you take EECS 470
Great! Wish you good luck in your next semester!
Are you involved at all with discrete mathematics?
Why don't you just take the course EECS 484 which is all about data base management?
Does that mean you are mostly interested in hardware?
EECS481 has a class size of 63.71
Is there a subject that interests you?
I would also recommend taking EECS 482
This course isn't big, with only 41 students in it.
The gateway course to almost all of the upper level CS courses the department offers is EECS 281.
It should be fine if your good at probability and combinations.
EECS 492 and 494 are possible choices for you to take among many other possibilities.
Your appreciation is noted.
They don't need to be the best but professors should usually meet a certain standard.
Yes, it is difficult in some sense. Especially if you didn't do well in EECS280.
Do you have any ideas?
Does that take care of everything for you?
Have you declared your major yet?
What can I do to help?
Do you want to enroll for these courses?
During the Fall semester, EECS545 will be taught by a ECE professor who will provide a more mathematical approach.
yes?
Computer science does sound great
I suggest EECS 493. It has the lightest workload of all the EECS classes.
It is mandatory you take EECS 203 first
To get the credit, I'm pretty sure you'll have to take up to 4 of those upper level classes
EECS281 would be a good option for you to take next semester.
Certainly, you can minor in EECS. I reckon you could take EECS 281 next semester.
What is the number of classes you would like to take?
Do you have an interest in Machine Learning?
Anyplace specific?
Are you working to graduate this year?
EECS 376 should be considered since it's a requirement and it will set you up for some classes in Intelligent Systems.
Are you interested in Linguistics courses?
Whether you're ready to take EECS280 depends on how you did in ENGR101. If the coding went well for you, specifically C++ coding, then EECS280 shouldn't be an issue.
Sounds good, let me see.
Would you like to see a list of intellectual breath classes you could take?
What courses do you like to take? Where do you stand?
You're welcome
Due to the fact that you've already taken some courses in programming and database applications, I reccomened.
Sure, what kind of question about class that you want to ask?
Since you have already completed EECS 388, this might be an intersting course for you
Do you prefer front or back end systems?
They both are fine.
I think any student interested in web development should consider these courses.
Check the course page if you are finding the syllabus.
EECS281 is a pretty difficult course, I would suggest taking an easy class with it
Can you specify what your interest are within technology?
I think your workload would be easier if you took 370 and 3 other non-EECS classes only if the non-EECS classes have light workloads
Top of the morning.
you already took Chem 130 in Fall 2007.
In you team you build almost ant micro-processor you want to.
One criterion is all that you can use it for.
What did you think about EECS203? Was it difficult, did you find it interesting?
How difficult do you prefer the class?
That sounds good. You should consider eecs 498 the workload is pretty easy and Professor Lasecki is awesome.
Since you have a very good background in computer science, can I interest you in learning about threading?
What can I help you with?
485 could be a good option, it is on the more difficult side for electives though.
as far as MDEs go,  do you have a preference?
i recommend mobile app development for entrepreneurs and principles of real time computing
Yes, it is EECS285.
I suggest that you take EECS281 which has an Easiness Rating of 2.53.
EECS485 is a large class.
What type of advising would you like today?
That is the reason I'm here.
I saw that you have taken EECS484, because I read your transcript.
Normally 50 is the course size.
You should drop something else if you want to take 549
Yes!
You took Math216 already, so I would recommend against taking it again
Im awesome. What would you like help with today?
Introduction to Cryptography is a breeze to take.
Can i help you today?
Are there any questions that you might have?
You are very welcome.
What classes do you prefer?
Sure thing, you're welcome!
You should drop the difficult chemistry course if you want to take EECS183.
No trouble at all, have a wonderful day!
How much of a workload do you like to have for your classes?
Take 270 and 376 first, if you're going the 270 route, since you're a sophomore
Hi there. What can I do for you?
Another option in addition to your suggestion is to take 370 with 376
It depends, would you like to take a class that is more structured or driven by yourself?
Hardware, software or a general question?
Is there something I can help you with?
More topics in web development are covered by EECS 485.
I encourage!
Do you have any foundation in Computer science?

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 175:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.
You should take Eecs 203 since it's a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
Okay, thanks for information.  Are both EECS 203 and 280 based on projects?

B. options-for-correct-answers
280 is all project based and 203 isn't.  In any case, don't let it fool you.  Many students say that 203 is more difficult than 280.

C. options-for-next:
What did you enjoy the most about the programming courses that you have taken so far?
Are you more interested in high or low level programming?
Freshman should take EECS183: Elementary Programming Concepts
Hi, how may I assist you today?
They are both hard classes. You should see if it makes sense to take them next semester.
Judging from your prior knowledge, I'd advise that you take EECS376.
do you enjoy circuits
Of all the classes available, I would like to recommend EECS 376 to get your feet wet.
based on you background, I suggest you to take EECS183, elementary programming concepts
Hello!  What do you need help with today?
You are well on your way in the CS major path. Should I recommend some classes to continue on that?
Do you find this class interesting?
Have a nice day.
What issues intrigue you?
This is a 4 credit class.
Sure. Best of luck next semester!
Are you excepting a low level of workload ?
After reviewing your status, I advise you to take the prerequisite first and then take EECS489 after this semester.
Does Cryptography or Data Structures interest you more?
I would suggest you to take some EECS courses given that you haven't any so far
maybe you want to give at least 10 hours each week for eecs280
I would take EECS280 if you are interested in CS.
You have to finish eecs183,eecs280,eecs203,stats250 to declare major
It's a heavy workload, but isn't all that hard considering your performance in EECS281.
You're welcome!
Approximately 100 learners.
Are there other questions you'd like to ask?
If you can ignore that, it's probably a good idea to take the class.
EECS 183 Elementary Programming Concepts, and EECS 280 Programming and Introductory Data Structures are two EECS courses that might be good for you next semester.
take 2 more upper level courses
376 easiness rate is 1.91.
In terms of workload level, EECS 376 is on lighter side, EECS 281 is at moderate level, and EECS 370 would be the heaviest. But, none of them are too extreme in terms of workload.
If you're wanting something more closely related to natural language processing, you definitely want EECS445 Introduction to Machine Learning.
EECS 482 is a low to moderate courseload.
Yeah it is written in your file that you have fair bit of experience in hardware type classes.
To graduate how many upper level cs credits are needed?
Based on what people say about it.
You can not take EECS 281 till you take EECS 280.
If I take all three at once, would that be incredibly hard?
Alright, any other questions?
Do you require help today?
As far as your interests, what topics or fields come to mind?
Hi, there. What can I do for you?
It seems that you have taken many EECS advanced courses already
I suggest you take EECS281 data structures and algorithms based on your background.
In that case,  I recommend staying with EECS 280 and EECS 203 for next semester.
Hoping you have a pleasant day!
where would you like to explore
Though taking 270 first makes 370 much easier.
Hello, Tianyi, what can I do for you?
neither
Are you in LSA or CoE?
What do you want to do?
it's on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 10:30 am to 12:00 pm
EECS Discrete Mathematics is a smaller class with about 50 students whereas EECS 280 Programming and Data Structures has about 170 students as a ruie.
376 is the less difficult class, but 281 is mandatory.
Both are required courses to graduate.
203 is about discrete mathematics, your other cs classes will reference it a lot.
To complete your MDE, you must take Tech Com 497 with EECS 496: Professionalism and Development. You must then select one design class. Your options include EECS 481: Software Engineering, EECS 441: App Development, EECS 494: Game development, or EECS 470.
This course has a discussion session. It is worth 4 credit. The last class was worth 3 credit.
The decision about 381 usually comes in a student's senior year. Don't sweat it yet.
Although these courses will teach you from the very beginning they will be addition work if you don't have a background in programming.
need EECS 280 before you can take EECS 281
Thank you for stopping by. Bye!
What about CS do you appreciate?
Enjoy the classes!
Why did you go with that?  Is your course load seeming to be too heavy next semester?
I can provide assistance with your academic schedule.
They class when full will run from 1:30 - 3pm
The programming concepts are elementary.
You've already taken EECS280 so the next course in the sequence is EECS281.
Welcome welcome! How can I help you today?
Which topic areas within computer science interest you most?
Zizhen, greetings!
Are you working on your CS major?
Which course is more interesting and like by you, software development or hardware?
If you are looking to take a big class try tot ake 281.
ok then here is another one i suggested
But it is usually not a good idea to take more than 2 EECS classes in one semester. There's just two much work.
280 is all project based and 203 isn't.  In any case, don't let it fool you.  Many students say that 203 is more difficult than 280.
For 300 level courses, I advise enrolling in  EESC370: Introduction to Computer Organization.
Hi. How are you?
It's a more detailed EECS 203, basically.
It's a pretty difficult class, but I'm sure you can handle it.
I was happy to help.
Is that okay?
Are there specific fields within computer science you're interested in?
EECS 445, Introduction to Machine Learning has a lot of math work compared to other EECS courses.
Taking EECS203 this semester and follow with EECS376 or EECS370 next semester so you will be able to begin taking upper level CS courses your junior year.
Makes me feel sad, and you're not welcome.
There is no problem.
I can see that you already took EECS 280.
Do you think you'd want to do that?
EECS203 and EECS183 must be taken for the CA program.
The pleasure is all mine.
It is not smart to just pick the easiest class
Absolutely! Upper level CS courses are split into 6 categories: Computer Hardware, Computer Architecture, Intelligent Systems, Software development, Theory of computation, and Web technology and applications. Which of these topics are you most interested in?
Is there a course that you would specifically like to take?
Computer organization 101.
64 students is the seat amount

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 176:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.

B. options-for-correct-answers
So what are your requirements?

C. options-for-next:
Is your name Meili Yang?
I would suggest taking as many of the requirements as you can this semester, but you might not be able to finish by the end of the year.
Which do you prefer, improving your programming skills or mathematical foundations?
These courses will be a good beginning for you.
Are you planning on taking one of those classes next semester?
Network security and advanced computer is also known as EECS588
If you are into math, then EECS 477 is also a good option. Introduction to Algorithms focuses on fundamental techniques for designing efficient algorithms and basic math methods for analyzing performance
Thus, EECS 376 and EECS 373 are critical.
AI has a very important course,EECS445.
Yes, this course has a heavy workload.
I have no information on the times the classes meet.
Greetings! Is there a question I can help you with?
Ok perfect. I'm glad I could help
Do you need to ask another question?
Tell me what you think.
The easiness rating of this class is 3.67.
How many EECS classes were you looking for?
Would you have any other classes you would recommend?
Hi!
Have a nice day.
ok, are you specific with courses you want to take?
How does AI-related courses sound?
EECS 492 goes over similar topics that may interest you
It is known as "Discrete Math".
eecs 485 is about how the web works and eecs 484 is about how databases work and what happens in memory. Both are helpful when taken together. However, project deadlines may line up which can be difficult for those who struggle with time management. Overall, students use what they have learned in these classes for other classes
An introduction to the mathematical foundations of computer sciences includes the following topics:  Propositional and Predicate Logic, Set Theory Function and Relations, Growth of Functions and Asymptotic Notation, Introduction to Algorithms, Elementary Combinatorics and Graph Theory, and Discrete Probability Theory.
Did you want to take Intro to Artificial Intelligence first?
The course ID might be a 200, but it's more challenging than what you would expect from a 200.
In what major are you interested?
Is EECS 281 needed for upper electives?
No worries.
Do you think game design classes would be of interest to you?
Nah, it's AI Now.
Introduction to Computer Organization would be another option for a simple course.
Which one do you like more: web or software development?
Given your history, I suggest enrolling in 281.
Glad I could help
Did you enjoy EECS 482?
This is organization created by a computer.
Since its a gateway to a lot of the upper level CS classes, it might be a good idea to take EECS 281 if you haven't taken it yet.
EECS 183 is rated a 3.63 and 280 is rated 4.13
Since you are a sophomore, MATH116 would be a good basic course to help prepare you for advanced courses.
EECS 482 is an introductory course that you might want to take.
Which do you prefer: small classes or large ones?
You can directly take 203 and 280.
Okay, is it true that you have completed some basic computer science classes?
Considering other classes that you have completed, such as EECS 281 and EECS 370, EECS 482 is said to be slightly harder among students that have taken it. That being said,it has been noted to be one of the most beneficial upper level courses.
You could sign up for EECS 376, which is a required class and is easy class
It is in the morning you understand?
If you don't have any questions, you're good to go!
That's good, so how can I be of help to you today?
That seems like it will be a good final project.
Okay, I recommend not taking eecs 481 or eecs 441 because those classes are for seniors
You need to take 16 credits of Upper Level CS courses, and both 484 and 381 do count for this requirement.
Would that be something you are into?
What else would you like to ask?
Do you see any that stand out?
The class has around 40 students and give credits.
If you continue with the major then you should take this class.
It looks like since you are a freshman and new to the major there are a few pre major classes you need to take first before you're eligible for courses beyond EECS 281.
How can i assist you with classes?
I hope our conversation helped you
Which do you prefer, web or software development?
More course options become available sooner when you do that.
Hello what can I assist you with
EECS484 is not a difficult course for most students.
Generally, there are about 167 people in that class.
Greetings recipient of education.
That's cool, can I recommend you taking EECS484?
How can I help you?
If you take 281 you will learn about how to optimize code and about different algorithms and how complex they are.
Let me check it out and get back
No, I feel that EECS183 is meant for beginners in computer science and teaches fundamental concepts in programming and does not require any experiences.
Yes
You should probably, by what that means,take EECS 481.
545 will be a good choice in learning machine.
I recommend you take EECS183, the class size is 124.
It's advantageous to enroll in STATS250 or MATH214 for now.
In that case I'd like to suggest taking an additional course. Namely, EECS 493 covering User Interface Development.
Oh, ok, yea if you're interested take it, and I'll see what else I can find.
EECS 545 requires EECS 281 at first
The size of the class is 26.6 students, so you should feel right at home, assuming you want a small class size.
Have you decided yet what area to pursuit?
Both of those CS classes typically have medium to lightish workloads.
So what are your requirements?
In that case, what would interest you?
Did you already take any course?
You finished all of your required classes and can now take classes that interest you.
Together, 203 and 280 pair up well generally
Son, why are you here?
3.24 is the easiness score of 370 and 1.91 of 376.
It's offered from 1-3 PM and only has about 20 students enrolled.
EECS485 begins at 10:30am and there are 128.5 students in it.
The ML course is not one that you have taken.
An Interactive Computer Graphics course is the one.
You still have to statistics if you want to graduate CSE.
What topic you think you like the most?
No problem!
Ok, I will register your name for these classes
Two higher level CS classes is manageable, but I do not suggest taking more than two EECS courses at the same time.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 177:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.
For most computer science classes, Eecs 280 should be mandatory including game design.
Okay, I will accept that course. What advise you have on any other prerequisites for game design?
Eecs 281 is also necessary, and unfortunately you can't take both 280 and 281 in the same semester.

B. options-for-correct-answers
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes

C. options-for-next:
I would suggest EECS 281
Welcome, how may I help you?
Nice! How many classes are you considering taking next semester?
This course which covers many web topics is taught by Professor Cafarella.
Are things going well for you today?
Software development and computing infrastructure is the area of 484, also.
I'd recommend taking 281 with it now, because you'd want that out of the way to take other courses.
It can be described as Advanced EECS 203.
Alright then, you might want to take 370 and 281 next semester.
EECS 281 is the entry course to many Upper Level courses.
Considering your taste, I would recommend that you attend EECS280.
EECS 376 is not project based.
Do you prefer classes in the morning or afternoon?
Even if you find it difficult at first it gets better after mid-term.
No problem! Enjoy your day.
Salutations person.
According to previous students, EECS280 scores 4.13 and EECS183 scores 3.63. But both are very helpful courses according to the scores.
Welcome!
Okay. Hope you have a good one!
EECS484 is a great class to take since you're interested in software development.
It's a favorable precursor to object oriented programming
I need to think for a moment.
Matt Terwilliger is sweet.
do you like declaring CS major?
Those are above average grades.
Can I assist you further today?
Nice. Go for it.
Sorry, those are all the software development courses, I'm afraid.
The course consists of algorithm analysis and foundation data structures.
These two courses are very popular
Hello, what I can do you for?
Also you can look into picking a cs elective too
Sure, please have a seat.
Students tend to say he's not as available and helpful as other professors.
Are your interests fake or real?
Given that, I would suggest EECS 281.
Will you even be taking 3 other non EECS classes together with EECS 370 and a ULCS course?
Yep!  I think you would enjoy this course if you liked 492.
You also. See you then.
You should take Eecs 203 as that is also a prerequisite for most Eecs classes
The workload is high, I would say.
EECS485 has web technology, which it covers
Why are you so interested in Chinese?
You've, as a junior, taken similar work classes before
OK, what topics are you interested in?
what would you  like to Study
Courses in artificial intelligence are somewhat related to courses in computer games.
Hi there!  What exactly can I assist you with?
Is this a good fit for you?
I would suggest taking Discrete Math.
hi! do you seek any help deciding on classes?
If you need 376, take 376 to graduate.
How do you feel about a breadth class?
Discrete Math is integrated with other EECS courses such that it isn't classified as a math course.  It is a course about logic, graphs, and algorithms.
Greetings. What can I do for you?
Then you should definitely start with taking EECS 281 in your schedule, so that you can start taking the upper level CS courses right away.
It's Professor Strauss, who is moderately useful.
I want to know what your interests are.
Do you have any positive thoughts on programming?
EECS 373: Design of Microprocessor Based Systems is the course
If you are interested in 482, 484 may be good choice to take as well
This class teaches basic algorithm analysis, foundational data structure, and basic algorithms.
No problem!
EECS 381 is a difficult course and should be taken only if you are highly motivated towards Software Development
Pleased, I could assist
Next semester are there any particular types of courses that you would like to take?
Looking at your background, before taking any Computer Hardware classes, you might need to take some programming classes.
You need a MDE requirement to graduate.
That is no problem!
You should take EECS 478, because of your preferences.
370 has a moderate work load so it is preferable. It is a project based course but similar workload to 280
Of course, EECS 381 is good with the classes you've taken already
EECS 478 is a class about Logic circuit synthesis and optimization.
The class size was 80 in the past.
It looks like you still need to take EECS 281. I recommend that you take that course next semester.
It is not yet set.
There are no issues.
Professor Lee's class was very good when I took it.
It was my pleasure.
You are very welcome.
The MDE is typical for a CS student.
Given how you only took ENGR101 that won't happen.
Well if there is no other questions good bye.
You need to take EECS 370 before taking more upper level courses.
Because of you preference EECS 281 would be a good fit
Are you here for some advising?
This class is a prerequisite for the remaining computer science classes.
EECS183 Elementary Programming Concepts might be a good one
I would look at the LSA course guide to find out the class times.
What is your goal in registering for any courses?
How can I assist you?
I think doing it next semester would be good.
I see you have a lot of courses to choose from. How can I help you?
What else would you be interested, if not that?
Yes
The teacher is Seth Pettie.
Greetings!
Next semester are you interested in taking EECS classes
How mayI help you?
Despite a reputation for being easier amongst students, "discrete" math is similarly difficult.

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 178:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?
Give me a minute to look at your transcript.
Can your preferences be told to me by you.
Of course! I am curious about Computer Science, video game design is something that has always been interesting for me.

B. options-for-correct-answers
I should prerequisite Eecs 280 for most computer classes, including game design.

C. options-for-next:
Bye
It's my pleasure.
To finish an MDE you have to have at least four upper electives and sixteen flexible techs.
Excellent. That's something I'm good at.
Ok, the easiness rating of EECS 370 is 3.24 with a class size of 92, so it probably meets your needs.
Introduction to Cryptography is an easy class.
Most students who did both said they work well together.
You should take EECS203 Discrete Math.
Yes, I'm still present. My suggestion is to take EECS 485 Web Database and Information Systems.
Have a good one!
What were your thoughts about ENGR 101?
You seem to be a bit behind on your major.
It is a great course, but it need stronger mathematical foundation and programming skill.
Are you interested in taking CS classes next semester?
Computational theory databases, computer vision and AI are easier topics that Cryptography.
That is a good idea
Are there any other subjects that interest you?
You might consider EECS381 if you're interested in software development.
How many students do you like to have in a class?
Assuredly.
I think you could get a more accurate idea by checking the workload survey results at https://www.eecs.umich.edu/eecs/undergraduate/survey/.
Especially since 470 is an introductory graduate class
Have a wonderful night.
Do you want to take a highly challenging course?
281 is usually what the interviews cover, but it depends on who's interviewing.
Greetings, what can I assist you with?
I should prerequisite Eecs 280 for most computer classes, including game design.
I think you have switched majors early enough that you will graduate on time without an issue.
There's not a lot of programming experience in your course history.
First you can take some math course, based on your background.
I recommend that you take both together.
It is a very important fundamental class to your education, as that will advance your knowledge in computer design and it has 4 credits
You're welcome, have a good day.
It really is not.
You are most welcome and have a good one!
I am sorry for my error.
370 is the class with the highest clarity.
In order to take 549, you will need to change your schedule and drop another class in your course load.
Glad I could help you. Please don't hesitate to come again if you need more help.
EECS 482 and Introduction to Operating Systems are the same
A good final project would be just like that!
Nice to have you in today. How can we help you?
I think 3 or 4 classes would work for your schedule.
A moderately difficult class is EECS 183
In that scenario, I recommend taking EECS 484: Database Management Systems next semester.
With that in mind, I recommend that you sign up for EECS 484, Database Management Systems, for next semester
Any additional questions?
Actually you are ahead of time
478, 370, and 281 is a relatively busy schedule. It depends on how much effort you're willing to get engaged with.
Yes, your desire for a lighter workload is why.
How may I be of assistance to you?
Is there anything else I may help you with?
EECS 271 is an intro-level class to algorithm analysis and O-notation
Also, you still need to take Stats 250, four ULCS classes, and an MDE. You might be able to complete all of these in time but it is going to be tough. I recommend that you petition to have one of the graduation-level EECS courses you've taken be considered for a ULCS.
Students are usually able to do this.
In order to graduate with a CS degree, discrete math must be taken.
How can I help?
You're welcome. Good bye.
For many upper level classes, there are pre-requisites.
Do you have an interest in some game design classes?
Well, many students like eecs485 because it covers many different areas in computer science. eecs 484 would be nice to learn about databases. Both courses are lighter on the lighter side
In that case, I would suggest EECS 482 Intro to Operating Systems, EECS 481 Software Development, or EECS 484 Database Management Systems.
Class is a little under 90 students
There are a few more required courses you'll need to take to move forward with the CS major. EECS 280, 203, and 183 will be offered next semester.
How heavy or light do you expect your course load to be?
You should consider taking EECS 381 and 482 together
It's not impossible, but the workload is heavy.
No. But it has discussion hour which can help you with your doubts
A course on AI exists.
No worries.  If you need further assistance, please let me know.  Enjoy the day.
There's about 120 students.
According to your background, you have high skill with math.
Your course is a senior design level, and you will ear 4 credits.
What topics are you interested in?
Can I do anything else for you today?
My mistake, I am indeed the advisor.
Anytime See you later!
Are you interested in database management systems?
Of course you can complete the major, but unfortunately you will need more enrollment time.
It depends on what you like. What's your favorite class?
You must complete the other pre-req's first unless that is what interests you.
Is there anything else?
Is there specific criteria you are using to make your selection?
EECS 482 is my recommendation.
Each of these three classes gives you four credit hours.
Don't worry about it. What exactly can I help you with?
Okay, is it true that you have completed some basic computer science classes?
I propose that you cancel one from them.
For Sure! Anything else?
Okay, what's important to you is it Time, caliber or professor?
I'm sorry you feel like that
No problem!
Given this list of courses, EECS 481 is a piece of cake/.
It can be described as Advanced EECS 203.
Intro to Computer Organization is EECS 370
I have to suggest the EECS484, considering you are more interested in software development.
I would also recommend doing EECS478 -- logic circuit synthesis and optimization
The easier one will be EECS 370.
It's an afternoon class.
The class is taught by Michael John Cafarella

-----------------------------------------------------------
dialog 179:

A. messages-so-far:
Hello!
Hi!
im trying to decide what classes to take next semester.
Any suggestions?

B. options-for-correct-answers
Let me look at your transcript real quick.

C. options-for-next:
Cool, do you have other questions?
Do you know the requirements for next semester?
you're welcome to come in.
If you like that, you'd like EECS 280
Hi, is there anything I can help you with?
Wonderful, have a nice day!
There are other courses you may enjoy taking.
Indeed, you strength in C++ makes sense.
That is true, it would be a difficult workload
On a 5 point scale it is considered to be a 2.59.
Are you interested in computer organization?
Advanced Programming test which is object oriented
I recommend you take EECS 280 so that you have access to take those upper level CE classes.
How may I help you?
You should know that EECS 281 is a challenging class. Lots of students won't take another EECS class alongside 281 because the workload is so high.
Along with EECS 370 and EECS 376 you could take EECS 281
Maybe you can minor in math.
You can drop 492 and take 545 in this case
Is there a particular topic you're interested in?
I'm happy I could help, goodbye!
there is an EECS 442 available every semester, with the CSE and ECE professors rotating  to teach it
Ok, that is very good!
So I think you should be able to move on to EECS 281.
You shouldn't worry about it yet. Almost all students decide senior year about 381.
Are you interested in web development?
Keep your head up, you will get through it!
No, It has programming and theory application assignments but nothing big.
My pleasure.
Excellent, do you have any field in computer science you are most interested in?
The average class size of EECS481 is 63.7 students and EECS493's is about 94.33.
What type of topics capture your interest?
Not a problem
Buenos Dias
EECS183 is interesting,and it will make you more fun in becoming a programmer.
An example of machine learning is natural language processing.
eecs 484 has about 128 students per class. eecs 485 has about 129 students per class, so rather similar in size
If you dont fear difficult courses you can take EECS482.
281 covers the fundamental topics that might turn up in an interview, and also integrates practice projects that will let you apply your knowledge of data structures and algorithms.
Would you also like to sign up for a math course next semester?
do you expect to take many courses
There are around 120 students.
Good. Go do it.
Intro to computers.
As a senior, you can register for this course.
My apologies, student.
Microprocessor, computer architecture, and logic circuit synthesis; of the following which one do you want to know more?
EEcs 280 requires you to do well in engr101 and be comfortable with c++ coding.
Let me look at your transcript real quick.
How computers execute programs is the basic understanding.
That is a challenging class
As it is a required class, there's usually a couple sections of 370,
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, did you want to stick to just the fundamental core classes, or do you want to get into some more specific picks?
Do you have your eye on any computer software classes?
I have read your transcript and saw that you have taken EECS484
Are you thinking about taking CS classes next semester?
Hi! What do you want to talk about today?
What are you studying?
Do you have something along the lines of the EECS 376 workload?
The easiest course I would recommend is EECS 376
If you had a problem with EECS 203, I would recommend you take less of a course load with 376.
Courses EECS 482, EECS 485, and EECS 487 are recommended for seniors.
Hi, there. What can I do for you?
Can I help you?
While 570 is Parallel Computer Architecture, 582 is all about Advanced Operating Systems
I would advise signing up for EECS183. Advanced students sometimes take EECS280 instead, but for those who do not have programming experience should consider 183 instead.
Hello! What brings you to my office today?
Sounds good do you need any more help?
EECS 183 will give you more detail on programming material and that might be better for you.
Fine, have a nice day!
Yes, this class has discussion hour as well.
EECS 281 and EECS 475 can be taken simultaneously
Hello
You have fulfilled the requirements you need to take EECS 203. There are no other requirements.
Have a nice day and your welcome!
Hi, its Akash here
If you're interested in security, given you're in 388, that might also be a good fit.
Ok, did you take any courses about computer science?
Can you speak German?
In general 280 is harder than the other class.
On a scale of 1-5, EECS 281 was rated a 2.51 for easiness
Look at EECS 470 if you liked 370, I think you'd like it
Break a leg next term.
No, it is a fairly simple class.
Jamin Sugih
The relatively small class is composed of around 12.
Does AI interest you?
Hi there, Ian. How is your day?
Maybe I'll try EECS376?
Yes, EECS281 is correct.
I would suggest maybe finding an intellectual breath class that meets in the morning or to schedule on of the STATS courses that is required as that would be one of your next classes coming up
Since eecs407 is only one credit, it will be easy.
You should give EECS 441 a try.
Are there any more questions you have?
Great, have a good day!
You don't need to complete anymore classes before taking CS because all the prerequisites are complete.
No problem goodbye!
Alright let me know if you need anything else from me.
Son, why are you here?
It will be very challenging to take three EECS courses and another technical course.

-----------------------------------------------------------
